
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.842592                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1842591955000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1842591955000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 212167                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   212167                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5858461865                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 373744                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   314.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    66730424                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      66730424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           480192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         20072256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           146880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          2246976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           294016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2555648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25796928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       480192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       146880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       294016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          921088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7481920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7481920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            313629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             35109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              4594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             39932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                403077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          116905                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               116905                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              260607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            10893489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               79714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1219465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              159567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1386985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                14000348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         260607                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          79714                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         159567                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             499887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4060541                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4060541                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4060541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             260607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           10893489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              79714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            1219465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             159567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1386985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18060889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         81945                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        62218                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       81945                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      62218                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  5243136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   3931008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   5244480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                3981952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                     773                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             65                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                5216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                4952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                4966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                5032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                5077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                5139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                5153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                5336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                5012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               4814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               5083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               5582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               5130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                3820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                3672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                4075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                3759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                3520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                4123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                3706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                3471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               3889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               3981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               3541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               3879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               4169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               3676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1841579678500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   81945                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  62218                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     65839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      7148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     2658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     4649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     4691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     4188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     3896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     3337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     3243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     2582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     2407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     2339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     2265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                       87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                       91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        22279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      411.784371                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     233.119875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     394.569349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127           7102     31.88%     31.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4721     21.19%     53.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1798      8.07%     61.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1010      4.53%     65.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          955      4.29%     69.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          478      2.15%     72.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          370      1.66%     73.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          364      1.63%     75.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5481     24.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          22279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          2129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        38.475810                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1006.180082                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           2127     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            2129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          2129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        28.850164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       20.675931                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       36.499081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                34      1.60%      1.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                 7      0.33%      1.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11                1      0.05%      1.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15               1      0.05%      2.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            1615     75.86%     77.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              35      1.64%     79.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              10      0.47%     79.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31              84      3.95%     83.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35              64      3.01%     86.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              45      2.11%     89.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43               9      0.42%     89.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47              11      0.52%     90.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              35      1.64%     91.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               5      0.23%     91.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59              21      0.99%     92.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               2      0.09%     92.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67               3      0.14%     93.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               2      0.09%     93.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               5      0.23%     93.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83               1      0.05%     93.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               4      0.19%     93.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               1      0.05%     93.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99               3      0.14%     93.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             4      0.19%     94.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             1      0.05%     94.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             1      0.05%     94.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             6      0.28%     94.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             2      0.09%     94.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139             1      0.05%     94.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143            15      0.70%     95.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             3      0.14%     95.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::148-151             2      0.09%     95.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-155             1      0.05%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             4      0.19%     95.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-163            43      2.02%     97.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::164-167             1      0.05%     97.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-171            11      0.52%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::172-175             3      0.14%     98.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-179             3      0.14%     98.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::180-183             2      0.09%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-187             6      0.28%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::188-191             4      0.19%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-195             5      0.23%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::196-199             3      0.14%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-203             3      0.14%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-211             3      0.14%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-227             2      0.09%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::228-231             1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::244-247             1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            2129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                      814366500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2350441500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    409620000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9940.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28690.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      70260                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     50807                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   85.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  82.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12774287.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      84.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                   83779920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                   45618375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 316258800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                197231760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            89126157120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            35724246975                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           802806617250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             928299910200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              667.726630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1309959191250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     45565260000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      9222216250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                   84649320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                   46030875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 322748400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                200782800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            89126157120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            35431940430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           799831550250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             925043859195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              667.972279                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1310405285500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     45565260000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      8771812500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4841130                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6162                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          126                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  429577                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3448228                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      688                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          85                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 165228                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                     8289358                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      6850                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          211                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  594805                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2744473                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3071                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         104                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2747544                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       929111283                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   30392058                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     30392058                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             28296981                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                165313                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     800920                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      3653475                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    28296981                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       165313                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           38988704                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          20831324                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               85482                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              86956                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8319320                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4862427                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3456893                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              905971177.002448                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              23140105.997552                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.024906                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.975094                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          4712544                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1584509      5.21%      5.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 19793641     65.11%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   31883      0.10%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  12951      0.04%     70.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1606      0.01%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 4993701     16.43%     86.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3459999     11.38%     98.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                520829      1.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  30399119                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6424                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    211373                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   74797     40.97%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    203      0.11%     41.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1879      1.03%     42.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 105693     57.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              182572                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    73430     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     203      0.14%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1879      1.26%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   73430     49.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               148942                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1819763275500     98.76%     98.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               38885000      0.00%     98.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              357575500      0.02%     98.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            22431449500      1.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1842591185500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.981724                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.694748                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815799                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                       11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 4176      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               175313     91.20%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6783      3.53%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     7      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    5176      2.69%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                192228                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5922                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1740                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle               2096                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1910                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1740                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                  170                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.322526                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.081107                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.391474                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       29641344500      1.61%      1.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2562591500      0.14%      1.75% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1810387245000     98.25%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    4177                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1393017                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           13281490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1393529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.530831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   260.752731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    75.043138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   176.201949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.509283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.146569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.344144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         63366474                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        63366474                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4014509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1053432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      2506621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7574562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3156846                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       808200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      1357961                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5323007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       114880                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        18791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        50813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       184484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       123743                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        20765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        54820                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199328                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7171355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1861632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      3864582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12897569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7171355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1861632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      3864582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12897569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       713110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        94552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       558128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1365790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       166356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        43595                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       617033                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       826984                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9412                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2104                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         7556                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19072                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       879466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       138147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1175161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2192774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       879466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       138147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1175161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2192774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2193347250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9664547340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11857894590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1652894510                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19391335975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21044230485                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     27729500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    125483249                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    153212749                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        91000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        91000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3846241760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  29055883315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32902125075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3846241760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  29055883315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32902125075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4727619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1147984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3064749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8940352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3323202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       851795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1974994                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6149991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124292                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        20895                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        58369                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       203556                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123745                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        20765                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        54827                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199337                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8050821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1999779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      5039743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15090343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8050821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1999779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      5039743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15090343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.150839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.082364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.182112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.152767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050059                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.051180                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.312423                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.134469                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.075725                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100694                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.129452                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.093694                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.109239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.233179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.145310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.109239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.233179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.145310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23197.259180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17316.005182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8682.077472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37914.772566                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31426.740507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25446.962075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13179.420152                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16607.100185                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8033.386588                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10111.111111                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27841.659681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24725.023478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15004.795330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27841.659681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24725.023478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15004.795330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       825255                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1343                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            61465                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.426422                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   149.222222                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835667                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           835667                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       292188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       292188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       524505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       524505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         1570                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1570                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       816693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       816693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       816693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       816693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        94552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       265940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       360492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        43595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        92528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       136123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2104                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         5986                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8090                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       138147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       358468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       496615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       138147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       358468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       496615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1996702750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4449426882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6446129632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1557368490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2781486410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4338854900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     23520500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     72740751                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96261251                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        77000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        77000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3554071240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7230913292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10784984532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3554071240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7230913292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10784984532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    249355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    342279000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    591634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    320316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    419818000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    740134500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    569671500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    762097000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1331768500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.082364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.086774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.051180                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.046850                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022134                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100694                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.102554                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039743                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21117.509413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16730.942626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17881.477625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35723.557518                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30061.023798                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31874.517165                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11178.944867                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12151.812730                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11898.794932                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25726.734855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20171.712097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21716.993107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25726.734855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20171.712097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21716.993107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           964323                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.193139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           39678129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           964834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            41.124306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      10191163250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   263.937948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    65.959779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   181.295411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.515504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.128828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.354093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         41624427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        41624427                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     29884884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7331949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2461296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       39678129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     29884884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7331949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2461296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        39678129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     29884884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7331949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2461296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       39678129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       514235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       124188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       342842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       981265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       514235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       124188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       342842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        981265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       514235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       124188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       342842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       981265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1771676000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4819389197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6591065197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1771676000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4819389197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6591065197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1771676000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4819389197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6591065197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     30399119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7456137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2804138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40659394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     30399119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7456137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      2804138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     40659394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     30399119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7456137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      2804138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     40659394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14266.080459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14057.172683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6716.906439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14266.080459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14057.172683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6716.906439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14266.080459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14057.172683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6716.906439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2709                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              153                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.705882                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        16232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       124188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       326610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       450798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       124188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       326610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       450798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       124188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       326610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       450798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1522394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3982795175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5505189175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1522394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3982795175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5505189175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1522394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3982795175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5505189175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12258.785068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12194.345473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12212.097602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12258.785068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12194.345473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12212.097602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12258.785068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12194.345473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12212.097602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1166781                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1314                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           34                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  141633                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     872888                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      168                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          22                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  57088                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     2039669                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      1482                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           56                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  198721                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     848090                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      662                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                          32                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 848752                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       953408444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7454598                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7454598                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              6929268                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 43953                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     203515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       903765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     6929268                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        43953                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            9641119                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5054145                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               23746                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              24129                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2046592                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1171450                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    875142                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              924951081.946169                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              28457362.053831                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.029848                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.970152                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1171881                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               398972      5.35%      5.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4837309     64.88%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8193      0.11%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   5097      0.07%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    810      0.01%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1199545     16.09%     86.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 876356     11.75%     98.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                129854      1.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7456136                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                9673449                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          8936896                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           125098                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             7569787                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                5584968                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            73.779725                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 299823                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7809                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3461968                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     12174                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                          114                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  224881                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2122047                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     2563                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                         106                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  83942                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     5584015                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     14737                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                          220                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  308823                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     534012                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     5788                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                         158                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 539800                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        30013580                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9363383                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      37425902                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    9673449                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           5884791                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     18558568                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 408186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                       247                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles               10133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1974                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       231517                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        99918                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          308                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  2804138                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                92736                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          28469903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.314578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.374234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                20072313     70.50%     70.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  312422      1.10%     71.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  471724      1.66%     73.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 3982470     13.99%     87.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  833365      2.93%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  193345      0.68%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  238464      0.84%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  434747      1.53%     93.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 1931053      6.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            28469903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.322302                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.246966                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 7673000                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             13050358                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  6778876                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               530616                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                191226                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              175016                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                13225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              34075356                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                43360                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                191226                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 7953535                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                4758129                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       6310003                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  6998808                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              2012380                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              33260601                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                68695                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                404029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 57097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                943831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           22264761                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             41311324                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        41251440                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups            56013                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             20369021                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 1895740                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            527174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts         63098                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3903100                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             3489643                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            2214871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           462169                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          329723                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  30742037                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             676819                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 30393110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            17376                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2421658                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1144384                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        483915                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28469903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.067552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.605150                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           17422923     61.20%     61.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2767864      9.72%     70.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1373994      4.83%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4735624     16.63%     92.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1013556      3.56%     95.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             570411      2.00%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             382804      1.34%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             154533      0.54%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              48194      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       28469903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  82144     21.47%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     21.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                176872     46.24%     67.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               123495     32.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2440      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             24311305     79.99%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               21079      0.07%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              20485      0.07%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1220      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3589842     11.81%     91.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2146129      7.06%     99.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            300610      0.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              30393110                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.012645                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     382511                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.012585                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          89403074                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         33727235                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     29817840                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             252936                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            119279                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       116815                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              30637549                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 135632                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          205530                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       436638                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1484                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       181627                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         4994                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       170094                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                191226                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                3996466                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               295299                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           32798710                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            54858                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3489643                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2214871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            602209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 15595                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               231865                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          6154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         62873                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134195                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              197068                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             30195469                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3482644                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           197641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      1379854                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     5611883                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 6643679                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   2129239                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.006060                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      29976342                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     29934655                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 17254819                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 20895222                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.997370                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.825778                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2658447                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         192904                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           180111                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28004103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.074728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.862098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18216020     65.05%     65.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2235913      7.98%     73.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1176646      4.20%     77.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4445185     15.87%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       540129      1.93%     95.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       200547      0.72%     95.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       166033      0.59%     96.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       176455      0.63%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       847175      3.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28004103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            30096794                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              30096794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       5086249                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      3053005                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      67981                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   6474041                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                    115125                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 28589001                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              239427                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1215466      4.04%      4.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        23382957     77.69%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          20643      0.07%     81.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     81.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         20037      0.07%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv          1220      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3120986     10.37%     92.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2034876      6.76%     99.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess       300609      1.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         30096794                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               847175                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    59838509                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   65974697                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         175016                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1543677                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  1747747743                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   28883768                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     28883768                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.039116                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.039116                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.962357                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.962357                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                39632695                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               21162382                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    70702                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   70843                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                4340126                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                270474                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51363                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               9811                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  117360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        45576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2707184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2201000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               48000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             5529000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             2073000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           166547212                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             9356000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            17276500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.262651                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1693890143000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.262651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.078916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.078916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9417462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9417462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5628764250                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total   5628764250                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9417462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total      9417462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9417462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total      9417462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 54436.196532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54436.196532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 135463.136552                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135463.136552                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 54436.196532                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54436.196532                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 54436.196532                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54436.196532                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         86158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 9840                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.755894                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        17024                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        17024                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5776462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5776462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4743516250                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4743516250                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5776462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5776462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5776462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5776462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.409704                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409704                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 82520.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82520.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 278636.997768                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 278636.997768                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 82520.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82520.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 82520.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82520.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   337565                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65420.967844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    2486640                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   402728                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     6.174490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                614754000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   54725.451973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2331.479005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2701.186077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      572.371097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      609.192683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2285.385373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2195.901635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.835044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.035576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.041217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.008734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.009296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.034872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.033507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.998245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1013                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2697                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994308                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 26259538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                26259538                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             506712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             484023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             121893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              79858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             321963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             253653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1768102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          835667                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               835667                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            90939                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            25234                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            70756                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               186929                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              506712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              574962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              121893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              105092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              321963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              324409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1955031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             506712                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             574962                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             121893                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             105092                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             321963                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             324409                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1955031                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           238499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data            16798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             4594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data            17926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               287615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                37                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          75406                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          18360                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          22084                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             115850                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            313905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             35158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              4594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             40010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                403465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           313905                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            35158                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             4594                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            40010                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               403465                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    172333500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1121869750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    347709750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1196370250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2838283250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       294497                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       294497                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1260800990                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1814777221                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3075578211                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    172333500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2382670740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    347709750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3011147471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      5913861461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    172333500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2382670740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    347709750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3011147471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     5913861461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         514215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         722522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         124188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          96656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         326557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         271579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2055717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       835667                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           835667                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           36                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              48                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       166345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        43594                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        92840                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           302779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          514215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          888867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          124188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          140250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          326557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          364419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2358496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         514215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         888867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         124188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         140250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         326557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         364419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2358496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.330092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.018480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.173792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.014068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.066007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.139910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.805556                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.770833                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.222222                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.453311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.421159                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.237872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.382622                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.353152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.018480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.250681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.014068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.109791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.171069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.353152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.018480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.250681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.014068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.109791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.171069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75090.849673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66785.912013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75687.799303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66739.386924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9868.342228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10155.068966                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7959.378378                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68671.077887                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82176.110351                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26547.934493                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75090.849673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 67770.372035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75687.799303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75259.871807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14657.681487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75090.849673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 67770.372035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75687.799303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75259.871807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14657.681487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               75393                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    75393                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        16798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        17926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        18360                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22084                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         40444                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        35158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        40010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            82057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        35158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        40010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           82057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    143128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    911545250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    289854250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    972645250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2317172750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       449026                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       449026                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1030142510                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1544955279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2575097789                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    143128000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1941687760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    289854250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2517600529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4892270539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    143128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1941687760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    289854250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2517600529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4892270539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    233455500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    320261000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    553716500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    302243500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    395601500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    697845000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    535699000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    715862500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1251561500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.173792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.066007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.805556                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.604167                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.421159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.237872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.250681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.109791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.034792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.250681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.109791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62365.141612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54265.105965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63094.090118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54258.911637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55683.866820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15483.655172                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15483.655172                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56107.979847                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69958.127106                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63670.699955                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62365.141612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55227.480517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63094.090118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62924.282154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59620.392398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62365.141612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55227.480517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63094.090118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62924.282154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59620.392398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              294932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294926                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            116905                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            115724                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           115724                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       882304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       916226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1041133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        45576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30633216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     30678792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5323648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5323648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                36002440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              140                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            562134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  562134    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              562134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            11832500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           654960000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy                7500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          770434435                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           17654500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2063004                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2062983                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              9811                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             9811                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           835667                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        17024                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              48                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             9                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             57                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           302779                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          302779                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1930013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3656818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               5586831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     61758720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    142717704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              204476424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           41934                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3236018                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.012894                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.112817                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                3194293     98.71%     98.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  41725      1.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            3236018                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2201638999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           247500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2030846564                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2289452792                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
