
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.058585                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 58584661500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                58584661500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 201524                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   201524                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              133496887                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 290684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   438.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    88438073                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      88438073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            516608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10147776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10664384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       516608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          516608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7299072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7299072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               8072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             158559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                166631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          114048                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               114048                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              8818144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            173215578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               182033722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         8818144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            8818144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         124590154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              124590154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         124590154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             8818144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           173215578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              306623876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        166631                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       114048                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      166631                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     114048                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 10663872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                       512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7297088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  10664384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7299072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               10466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               10512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               10315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               10093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               10429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               10431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                9849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               10302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               10595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               10644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              10598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              10258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              10302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              10653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              10528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              10648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               6966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     58584634500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  166631                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 114048                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    165000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     6204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     7034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     7027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     7043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     7044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     7064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     7071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     7192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     7350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     7067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     7016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        54549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      329.259345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     194.795576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     332.998077                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          19535     35.81%     35.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11763     21.56%     57.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5616     10.30%     67.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3566      6.54%     74.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2684      4.92%     79.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2055      3.77%     82.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1672      3.07%     85.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1540      2.82%     88.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6118     11.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          54549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          7016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        23.746152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      348.264922                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           7014     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            7016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          7016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.250998                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.234711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.764594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               6252     89.11%     89.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                  8      0.11%     89.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                591      8.42%     97.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                125      1.78%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                 23      0.33%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                  8      0.11%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                  5      0.07%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                  1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24                  2      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::27                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            7016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1948128750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                5072310000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    833115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11691.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30441.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         182.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                         124.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      182.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                      124.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       1.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     144841                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     81248                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   86.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       208724.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      80.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  199077480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  108623625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 642681000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                367791840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy             3826405440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            12184332255                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy            24462392250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy              41791303890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              713.356895                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    40549753500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      1956240000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     16078529000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  213282720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  116374500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 656908200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                371038320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy             3826405440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            12703202685                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy            24007242750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy              41894454615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              715.117627                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    39789307500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      1956240000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     16838471250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                14678313                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           9498021                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            389703                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              9975544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 6390264                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             64.059303                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1709596                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              85905                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     20567455                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      96888                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            11                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 20664343                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    14665775                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      9411                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                14675186                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     35233230                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     106299                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            11                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 35339529                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    25627333                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5261                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                25632594                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 4583                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        117169323                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    88438073                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      88438073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       1098705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.324874                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.754789                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                        91571156                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        25598167                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            200776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4071.523211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            34616515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            204872                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            168.966550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         644809250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4071.523211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.994024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          70176892                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         70176892                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     20283193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        20283193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     14333322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       14333322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      34616515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         34616515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     34616515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        34616515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        89440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         89440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       280055                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       280055                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       369495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         369495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       369495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        369495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4407640500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4407640500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  19996177500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  19996177500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  24403818000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24403818000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  24403818000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24403818000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     20372633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20372633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     34986010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34986010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     34986010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34986010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49280.417039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49280.417039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71400.894467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71400.894467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66046.409288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66046.409288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66046.409288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66046.409288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       168546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            168546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        28125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        28125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       136498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       136498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       164623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       164623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       164623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       164623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        61315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        61315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       143557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2422248250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2422248250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9931035500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9931035500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12353283750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12353283750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12353283750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12353283750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39504.986545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39504.986545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69178.343794                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69178.343794                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60297.569946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60297.569946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60297.569946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60297.569946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            153786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1934.126530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            25471498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            155834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            163.452764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       41649701250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1934.126530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.944398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.944398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1053                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          788                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          51410500                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         51410500                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     25471498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        25471498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      25471498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         25471498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     25471498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        25471498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       155835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        155835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       155835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         155835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       155835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        155835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2527958991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2527958991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2527958991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2527958991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2527958991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2527958991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     25627333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25627333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     25627333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     25627333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     25627333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     25627333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16222.023236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16222.023236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16222.023236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16222.023236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16222.023236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16222.023236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       155835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       155835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       155835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       155835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2213169009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2213169009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2213169009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2213169009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2213169009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2213169009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14202.002175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14202.002175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14202.002175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14202.002175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14202.002175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14202.002175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           132704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        30477.430936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs             220653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           164780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             1.339076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 26240.320965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2376.783596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1860.326375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.800791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.072534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.056773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.930097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32076                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11978                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18839                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978882                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          4542362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         4542362                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       147762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        33637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         181399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       168546                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       168546                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        12676                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        12676                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       147762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data        46313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          194075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       147762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        46313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         194075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         8073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        27677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        35750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       130882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       130882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         8073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       158559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        166632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         8073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       158559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       166632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    579593000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2024136750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2603729750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9660681500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9660681500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    579593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  11684818250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  12264411250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    579593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  11684818250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  12264411250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       155835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data        61314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       217149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       168546                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       168546                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       143558                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       143558                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       155835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       204872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       360707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       155835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       204872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       360707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.051805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.451398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.164634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.911701                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.911701                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.051805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.461959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.051805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.461959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71794.004707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73134.254074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72831.601399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73812.147583                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73812.147583                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71794.004707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73693.819020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73601.776670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71794.004707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73693.819020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73601.776670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       114048                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           114048                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       130882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       130882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       166632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         8073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       166632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    478164000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1670924750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2149088750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7975554000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7975554000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    478164000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9646478750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10124642750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    478164000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9646478750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10124642750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.051805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.451398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.911701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.051805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.051805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59230.026013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60372.321783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60114.370629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60936.981403                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60936.981403                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59230.026013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60838.418191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60760.494683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59230.026013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60838.418191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60760.494683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq         217149                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        217148                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       168546                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       143558                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       143558                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       311669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       578290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total            889959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      9973376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     23898752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           33872128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples       529253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1             529253    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total         529253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      433172500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     235311991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy     343212750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35749                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35749                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            114048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            130882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           130882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       447310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 447310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17963456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                17963456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            280679                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  280679    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              280679                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1304618000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1602414250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
