
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.005881                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     5881067                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                    5881067                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                  67797                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 666544                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    86.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                             1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     39867264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           39867264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     15562240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        15562240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       622926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              622926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       243160                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             243160                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0   6778916819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            6778916819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0   2646159277                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           2646159277                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0   9425076096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           9425076096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      622939                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     243160                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    622939                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   243160                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               39257856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  609920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                15368000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                39868096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             15562240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   9530                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  2992                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             76660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             76752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             77051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             76487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             76654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             76224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             76502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             77074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             30175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             29930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             29913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             29922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             30021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             29908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             29847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             30409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                       5881040                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                622939                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               243160                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    9491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   13045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   16471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   19836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   24397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                   30683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                   37010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                   40313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                   38781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                   34536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                  30013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                  27811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                  26580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                  25824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                  24841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                  23671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                  22442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                  21076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                  19903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                  19289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                  18444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                  17751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                  16931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                  15536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                  13465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                  10656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                   7404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                   4341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                   2023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                    670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                    154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   4720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   6835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  11039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  13141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  14827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  16745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  15642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  15986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  16671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  16977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  17135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  17397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   9213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   7556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                   6269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                   5389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                   4612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                   3842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                   3246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                   2810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                   2318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                   2106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                   1851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                   1567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                   1379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                   1186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                   1027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       251857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    216.889807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   174.913465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   147.987384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        50106     19.89%     19.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       108175     42.95%     62.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54326     21.57%     84.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23433      9.30%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9848      3.91%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3794      1.51%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1414      0.56%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          496      0.20%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          265      0.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       251857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        14692                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      41.747345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     38.046520                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     17.572329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             293      1.99%      1.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             32      0.22%      2.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23            40      0.27%      2.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          3171     21.58%     24.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39          6167     41.98%     66.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          1682     11.45%     77.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           182      1.24%     78.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           909      6.19%     84.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71          1233      8.39%     93.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           536      3.65%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           119      0.81%     97.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            74      0.50%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103          108      0.74%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           74      0.50%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           42      0.29%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           16      0.11%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            8      0.05%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            4      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         14692                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        14692                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.343929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.300692                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.322873                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            13317     90.64%     90.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              342      2.33%     92.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              211      1.44%     94.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              210      1.43%     95.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              177      1.20%     97.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21              136      0.93%     97.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22              103      0.70%     98.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               66      0.45%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24               56      0.38%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25               38      0.26%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26               17      0.12%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27                7      0.05%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28                6      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29                3      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30                2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::31                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         14692                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     62376294                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                74030970                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    3067020                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                       101.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                       5.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                  120.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      6675.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      2613.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   6779.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   2646.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        72.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    52.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   20.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                      15.37                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      29.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   367104                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  234563                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 59.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                97.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                          6.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    70.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1903252680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1057362600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7652062080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2488610304                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy            383962800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           4006574460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             12703200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            17504528124                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower           2977.600142                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE           22                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF        196300                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       5682429                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy            383962800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            127039320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           3415767600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3926769720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            667.968386                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5682390                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF        196300                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                         1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99830                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55806                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99618                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55383                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99329                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55521                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99531                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          55301                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99485                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55398                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99702                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55198                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99965                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55754                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          54827                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                        1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples       627379                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean      15.998465                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean     15.997202                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.125755                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           8      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.02% |          19      0.00%      0.02% |      627256     99.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total        627379                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples              627251                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean            1199.957633                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean            899.316988                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            764.936546                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |      169441     27.01%     27.01% |      117906     18.80%     45.81% |      113026     18.02%     63.83% |      119501     19.05%     82.88% |       85523     13.63%     96.52% |       20392      3.25%     99.77% |        1432      0.23%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total                627251                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples            2844                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean        1057.367440                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean        516.362786                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev        803.056004                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |         983     34.56%     34.56% |         524     18.42%     52.99% |         459     16.14%     69.13% |         465     16.35%     85.48% |         334     11.74%     97.22% |          70      2.46%     99.68% |           8      0.28%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total              2844                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         624407                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean       1200.607091                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       901.592507                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       764.698426                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      168458     26.98%     26.98% |      117382     18.80%     45.78% |      112567     18.03%     63.81% |      119036     19.06%     82.87% |       85189     13.64%     96.51% |       20322      3.25%     99.77% |        1424      0.23%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           624407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times             1293                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times         623110                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits           21                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78749                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78770                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits           19                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78393                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78412                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits           27                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78544                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78571                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits           24                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78065                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78089                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits           24                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78261                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits           25                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78351                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78376                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits           19                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78471                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78490                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits           27                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78277                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78304                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits         1846                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       625240                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       627086                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock                3                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     9.769549                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78749                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        80262                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          229                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          199                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85149                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       627086                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        99744                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       629992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5778864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16488                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        14328                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          680                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6130728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5016688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       797952                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     9.734067                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78393                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79915                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          173                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        84641                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       627086                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        99506                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       627144                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5753880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        17856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6094152                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5016688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       796048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     9.751836                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78544                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4        80094                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          265                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          179                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        84876                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       627086                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        99598                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       628352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5766768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        19080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        12888                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6111072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5016688                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       796784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     9.705650                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78065                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79606                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          252                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          181                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4           73                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        84239                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       627087                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        99456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       624520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5731632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        18144                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        13032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6065208                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5016696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       795648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     9.729195                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78237                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79812                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          252                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4           89                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        84584                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       627086                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        99606                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       625896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5746464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        18144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        14976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6090048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5016688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       796848                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     9.733064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78351                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79847                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          229                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4           95                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        84692                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       627086                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        99604                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       626808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5748984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        12672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6097824                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5016688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       796832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     9.739151                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78471                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4        80021                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          245                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          162                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4           76                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        84699                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       627086                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        99288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       627768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5761512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        17640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        11664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6098328                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5016688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       794304                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     9.723397                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78277                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          226                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          190                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4           90                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        84486                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       627086                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        99302                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       626216                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5747904                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        13680                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6082992                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5016688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       794416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized    40.706771                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1       627086                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2       625240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8185                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         1849                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::4          670                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       862628                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       380561                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        88456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      5016688                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5001920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       589320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4       133128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         5360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     62109216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3044488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       707648                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized    37.815867                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2       625238                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::4       630263                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           97                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::4            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       236490                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       380565                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        88456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5001904                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     45378936                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         6984                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     17027280                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3044520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       707648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized    17.503496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::1       627087                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       625240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4       638918                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         1946                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          734                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4          681                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       888242                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       380565                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1      4389609                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       796104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      5016696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5001920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     46002096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4       140112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        52848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         5448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     63953424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3044520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1     35116872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      6368832                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      3756978                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      1916755                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data         5838                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data         2202                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control         2043                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2664726                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      1141695                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control      9406298                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Persistent_Control      1769120                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     30055824                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    138006360                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data       420336                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data       158544                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control        16344                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    191860272                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      9133560                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     75250384                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Persistent_Control     14152960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization    11.756719                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          218                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          108                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3264                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548337                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        88456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5709888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7776                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       235008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4386696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       707648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     7.782380                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78749                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          958                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           91                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           83                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81885                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78749                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        11288                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       629992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        68976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5895720                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       629992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        90304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization    11.725925                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78946                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          242                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3190                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548693                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        88456                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5684112                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        17424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       229680                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4389544                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       707648                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     7.742209                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78393                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          969                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           99                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           87                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81451                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78393                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        11050                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       627144                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        69768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          696                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5864472                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       627144                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        88400                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization    11.742087                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          252                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3236                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548542                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        88456                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5696064                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        18144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       232992                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4388336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       707648                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     7.761585                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78544                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          982                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           99                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           91                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81640                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78544                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        11142                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       628352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        70704                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5878080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       628352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        89136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization    11.702315                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78622                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          241                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3152                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       549022                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        88456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5660784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        17352                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       226944                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4392176                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       707648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     7.708984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78065                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           89                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81087                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78065                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        11000                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       624520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        70848                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6408                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5838264                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       624520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        88000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization    11.722881                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78811                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          236                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          108                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548849                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        88456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5674392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7776                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       233280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4390792                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       707648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     7.735510                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78237                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1001                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78237                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        11150                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       625896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        72072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5856768                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       625896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        89200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization    11.725661                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78893                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           83                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3249                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548735                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        88456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5680296                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       233928                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4389880                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       707648                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     7.740466                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78351                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          954                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           93                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81443                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78351                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        11148                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       626808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        68688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6696                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5863896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       626808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        89184                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization    11.731681                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79044                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          226                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           91                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3175                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548615                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        88456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5691168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16272                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       228600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4388920                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       707648                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     7.746621                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78471                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          977                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           75                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81524                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78471                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        10832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       627768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        70344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5869728                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       627768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        86656                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization    11.717865                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           98                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3173                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548809                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        88456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5677056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       228456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4390472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       707648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     7.728929                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78277                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          984                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           87                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81313                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78277                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        10846                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       626216                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        70848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5854536                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       626216                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        86768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization    54.018344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       627086                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4          668                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       626389                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        88456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      5016688                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         5344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     45100008                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       707648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization    27.395199                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       625240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8185                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         1849                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       236239                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       380561                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5001920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       589320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4       133128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     17009208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3044488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization    27.943399                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       625238                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         7338                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           97                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       236174                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       380563                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        88456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5001904                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       528336                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         6984                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     17004528                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3044504                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       707648                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization    47.688336                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       622925                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4          316                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     44850600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4        22752                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization    11.660758                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          218                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          108                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548338                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        77168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5709888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       235008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4386704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       617344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization    11.631988                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78946                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          242                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3190                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548694                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        77406                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5684112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        17424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       229680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4389552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       619248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization    11.647368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          252                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3236                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548543                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        77314                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5696064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        18144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       232992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4388344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       618512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization    11.608795                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78622                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          241                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       549022                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        77456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5660784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        17352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       226944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4392176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       619648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization    11.628094                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78811                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          236                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          108                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548850                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        77306                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5674392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       233280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4390800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       618448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization    11.630891                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78893                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           83                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3249                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        77308                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5680296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       233928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4389888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       618464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization    11.639597                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79044                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          226                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           91                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3175                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        77624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5691168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       228600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4388928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       620992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization    11.625688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           98                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3173                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548810                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        77610                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5677056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       228456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4390480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       620880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization    54.018361                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1       627087                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::4          668                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       626389                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        88456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      5016696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         5344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     45100008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       707648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization    27.943416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2       625240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::4         7338                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           97                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       236174                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       380563                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        88456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5001920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       528336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         6984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     17004528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3044504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       707648                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples           404123                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean         1200.999864                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean         900.477274                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         765.116325                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |      108804     26.92%     26.92% |       76257     18.87%     45.79% |       72846     18.03%     63.82% |       76798     19.00%     82.82% |       55254     13.67%     96.50% |       13218      3.27%     99.77% |         927      0.23%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total             404123                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples         1804                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean     1046.163525                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean     506.824473                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev     796.666251                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |         637     35.31%     35.31% |         327     18.13%     53.44% |         292     16.19%     69.62% |         287     15.91%     85.53% |         222     12.31%     97.84% |          33      1.83%     99.67% |           6      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total           1804                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       402319                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1201.694151                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    902.801001                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    764.902372                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      108167     26.89%     26.89% |       75930     18.87%     45.76% |       72554     18.03%     63.79% |       76511     19.02%     82.81% |       55032     13.68%     96.49% |       13185      3.28%     99.77% |         921      0.23%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        402319                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples           223128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean         1198.069973                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean         897.219318                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         764.608926                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |       60637     27.18%     27.18% |       41649     18.67%     45.84% |       40180     18.01%     63.85% |       42703     19.14%     82.99% |       30269     13.57%     96.55% |        7174      3.22%     99.77% |         505      0.23%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total             223128                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples         1040                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean     1076.801923                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean     533.335801                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev     814.040414                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |         346     33.27%     33.27% |         197     18.94%     52.21% |         167     16.06%     68.27% |         178     17.12%     85.38% |         112     10.77%     96.15% |          37      3.56%     99.71% |           2      0.19%     99.90% |           1      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total           1040                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       222088                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean    1198.637851                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    899.407401                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    764.326618                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       60291     27.15%     27.15% |       41452     18.66%     45.81% |       40013     18.02%     63.83% |       42525     19.15%     82.98% |       30157     13.58%     96.56% |        7137      3.21%     99.77% |         503      0.23%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        222088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::samples          186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::mean            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::gmean            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         186    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::total          186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::samples         1293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::mean  1158.235886                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::gmean   728.356932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::stdev   802.482863                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist |         388     30.01%     30.01% |         232     17.94%     47.95% |         204     15.78%     63.73% |         256     19.80%     83.53% |         162     12.53%     96.06% |          48      3.71%     99.77% |           2      0.15%     99.92% |           1      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::total         1293                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::samples         2658                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::mean  1131.219338                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::gmean   761.614557                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::stdev   778.856804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist |         797     29.98%     29.98% |         524     19.71%     49.70% |         459     17.27%     66.97% |         465     17.49%     84.46% |         334     12.57%     97.03% |          70      2.63%     99.66% |           8      0.30%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::total         2658                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::samples       623114                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::mean  1200.695014                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::gmean   901.991783                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::stdev   764.616314                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist |      168070     26.97%     26.97% |      117150     18.80%     45.77% |      112363     18.03%     63.81% |      118780     19.06%     82.87% |       85027     13.65%     96.51% |       20274      3.25%     99.77% |        1422      0.23%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::total       623114                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::samples            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::samples            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::samples            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::samples            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::mean    91.250000                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::gmean    91.055836                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::stdev     6.849574                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::total            4                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          120                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         120    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total          120                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          858                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1181.020979                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   749.467450                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   801.452334                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |         252     29.37%     29.37% |         147     17.13%     46.50% |         133     15.50%     62.00% |         180     20.98%     82.98% |         113     13.17%     96.15% |          32      3.73%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           1      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total          858                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples         1684                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1120.569477                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   751.885491                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   772.432979                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |         517     30.70%     30.70% |         327     19.42%     50.12% |         292     17.34%     67.46% |         287     17.04%     84.50% |         222     13.18%     97.68% |          33      1.96%     99.64% |           6      0.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total         1684                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples       401461                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1201.738333                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   903.160221                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   764.822834                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |      107915     26.88%     26.88% |       75783     18.88%     45.76% |       72421     18.04%     63.80% |       76331     19.01%     82.81% |       54919     13.68%     96.49% |       13153      3.28%     99.77% |         921      0.23%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total       401461                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples           66                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          66    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total           66                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          435                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1113.294253                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   688.445437                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   803.539492                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |         136     31.26%     31.26% |          85     19.54%     50.80% |          71     16.32%     67.13% |          76     17.47%     84.60% |          49     11.26%     95.86% |          16      3.68%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total          435                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          974                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1149.632444                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   778.733573                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   789.900332                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |         280     28.75%     28.75% |         197     20.23%     48.97% |         167     17.15%     66.12% |         178     18.28%     84.39% |         112     11.50%     95.89% |          37      3.80%     99.69% |           2      0.21%     99.90% |           1      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total          974                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples       221653                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1198.805340                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   899.879339                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   764.240219                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |       60155     27.14%     27.14% |       41367     18.66%     45.80% |       39942     18.02%     63.82% |       42449     19.15%     82.97% |       30108     13.58%     96.56% |        7121      3.21%     99.77% |         501      0.23%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total       221653                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX          237437      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS          430203      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Lockdown        44403      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unlockdown        44053      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data_Owner          298      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data_All_Tokens       243274      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack_Owner          529      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack_Owner_All_Tokens       379211      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Tokens           147      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack_All_Tokens          777      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       622922      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       243159      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX        220129      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS        398579      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.Lockdown         3733      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.Data_All_Tokens           60      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.Tokens            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.Ack_All_Tokens          747      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX         2154      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS         4044      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Lockdown        17540      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Data_Owner          298      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Data_All_Tokens       242862      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Ack_Owner          529      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Ack_Owner_All_Tokens       378819      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Tokens          139      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.GETX           127      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.GETS           205      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Lockdown          318      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Unlockdown        44051      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Data_All_Tokens          321      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Ack_Owner_All_Tokens          392      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Tokens            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.GETX           72      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.GETS           89      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Lockdown          106      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Data_All_Tokens           31      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Tokens            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Memory_Data            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Memory_Ack       243053      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.GETX           48      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.GETS           63      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Lockdown            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Unlockdown            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Ack_All_Tokens           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Memory_Data         4229      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Memory_Ack          106      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_NO_W.GETX          466      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_NO_W.GETS          814      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_NO_W.Lockdown           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_NO_W.Memory_Data        22674      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.GETX        14441      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.GETS        26409      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.Lockdown        22674      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.Ack_All_Tokens           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.Memory_Data       596017      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       50549     12.51%     12.51% |       50655     12.53%     25.04% |       50543     12.51%     37.55% |       50433     12.48%     50.03% |       50597     12.52%     62.55% |       50378     12.47%     75.01% |       50321     12.45%     87.46% |       50661     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total       404137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       28221     12.65%     12.65% |       27757     12.44%     25.09% |       28028     12.56%     37.65% |       27656     12.39%     50.04% |       27664     12.40%     62.44% |       27998     12.55%     74.99% |       28169     12.62%     87.61% |       27643     12.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       223136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1480088     12.55%     12.55% |     1475888     12.52%     25.07% |     1476913     12.53%     37.60% |     1470392     12.47%     50.07% |     1471389     12.48%     62.55% |     1471572     12.48%     75.03% |     1471675     12.48%     87.51% |     1472167     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     11790084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Shared |         197     12.48%     12.48% |         200     12.67%     25.14% |         199     12.60%     37.75% |         194     12.29%     50.03% |         203     12.86%     62.89% |         182     11.53%     74.41% |         203     12.86%     87.27% |         201     12.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Shared::total         1579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Owner |          29     10.03%     10.03% |          45     15.57%     25.61% |          42     14.53%     40.14% |          29     10.03%     50.17% |          39     13.49%     63.67% |          26      9.00%     72.66% |          40     13.84%     86.51% |          39     13.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Owner::total          289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_All_Tokens |       82668     12.56%     12.56% |       82207     12.49%     25.06% |       82439     12.53%     37.59% |       81884     12.44%     50.03% |       82153     12.49%     62.52% |       82236     12.50%     75.02% |       82293     12.51%     87.52% |       82094     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_All_Tokens::total       657974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           2     20.00%     40.00% |           1     10.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_All_Tokens::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETX |      194854     12.48%     12.48% |      195320     12.51%     24.99% |      195053     12.49%     37.48% |      195420     12.52%     49.99% |      195412     12.51%     62.51% |      195080     12.49%     75.00% |      194909     12.48%     87.48% |      195435     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETX::total      1561483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETS |      353483     12.50%     12.50% |      353371     12.49%     24.99% |      353489     12.50%     37.49% |      353602     12.50%     50.00% |      353436     12.50%     62.49% |      353654     12.50%     75.00% |      353706     12.51%     87.50% |      353373     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETS::total      2828114                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETS_Last_Token |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETS_Last_Token::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETX |       13783     12.49%     12.49% |       13801     12.51%     25.00% |       13756     12.47%     37.47% |       13761     12.47%     49.95% |       13777     12.49%     62.43% |       13755     12.47%     74.90% |       13894     12.59%     87.49% |       13796     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETX::total       110323                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS |       24943     12.44%     12.44% |       25035     12.49%     24.93% |       25044     12.49%     37.42% |       25123     12.53%     49.95% |       25028     12.48%     62.43% |       25059     12.50%     74.93% |       25085     12.51%     87.44% |       25178     12.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS::total       200495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |       49729     12.53%     12.53% |       49620     12.50%     25.04% |       49656     12.51%     37.55% |       49571     12.49%     50.04% |       49651     12.51%     62.55% |       49641     12.51%     75.06% |       49476     12.47%     87.53% |       49482     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total       396826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request_Timeout |       33619     12.37%     12.37% |       34306     12.62%     24.99% |       34435     12.67%     37.65% |       33457     12.31%     49.96% |       34654     12.75%     62.71% |       33427     12.30%     75.00% |       34346     12.63%     87.64% |       33609     12.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request_Timeout::total       271853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutStarverX |           6     10.71%     10.71% |           5      8.93%     19.64% |           6     10.71%     30.36% |           7     12.50%     42.86% |           8     14.29%     57.14% |           6     10.71%     67.86% |           8     14.29%     82.14% |          10     17.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutStarverX::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutStarverS |           7      5.15%      5.15% |          17     12.50%     17.65% |          15     11.03%     28.68% |          13      9.56%     38.24% |          12      8.82%     47.06% |          25     18.38%     65.44% |          23     16.91%     82.35% |          24     17.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutStarverS::total          136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers |       78528     12.56%     12.56% |       78156     12.50%     25.06% |       78311     12.53%     37.59% |       77846     12.45%     50.04% |       78001     12.48%     62.51% |       78123     12.50%     75.01% |       78233     12.51%     87.52% |       78034     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers::total       625232                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       50509     12.51%     12.51% |       50627     12.54%     25.04% |       50510     12.51%     37.55% |       50389     12.48%     50.03% |       50551     12.52%     62.55% |       50342     12.47%     75.02% |       50285     12.45%     87.47% |       50606     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       403819                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       28202     12.65%     12.65% |       27742     12.44%     25.09% |       28001     12.56%     37.65% |       27633     12.39%     50.04% |       27642     12.40%     62.44% |       27971     12.55%     74.99% |       28144     12.62%     87.61% |       27623     12.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222958                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_Shared |          11      8.59%      8.59% |          18     14.06%     22.66% |          19     14.84%     37.50% |          14     10.94%     48.44% |          16     12.50%     60.94% |           8      6.25%     67.19% |          23     17.97%     85.16% |          19     14.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_Shared::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_Owner |           6      7.14%      7.14% |          14     16.67%     23.81% |          11     13.10%     36.90% |          10     11.90%     48.81% |          12     14.29%     63.10% |           5      5.95%     69.05% |          13     15.48%     84.52% |          13     15.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_Owner::total           84                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_All_Tokens |        4108     12.67%     12.67% |        4005     12.35%     25.02% |        4095     12.63%     37.64% |        3999     12.33%     49.97% |        4120     12.70%     62.68% |        4067     12.54%     75.22% |        4023     12.40%     87.62% |        4014     12.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_All_Tokens::total        32431                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Transient_Local_GETX |      194378     12.48%     12.48% |      194859     12.51%     24.99% |      194607     12.49%     37.48% |      194968     12.52%     49.99% |      194930     12.51%     62.51% |      194649     12.49%     75.00% |      194495     12.48%     87.48% |      194975     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Transient_Local_GETX::total      1557861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Transient_Local_GETS |      352691     12.50%     12.50% |      352515     12.49%     24.99% |      352621     12.50%     37.49% |      352784     12.50%     50.00% |      352579     12.50%     62.49% |      352819     12.50%     75.00% |      352925     12.51%     87.51% |      352525     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Transient_Local_GETS::total      2821459                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |       43402     12.49%     12.49% |       43438     12.50%     24.98% |       43495     12.51%     37.49% |       43450     12.50%     49.99% |       43468     12.50%     62.50% |       43442     12.50%     75.00% |       43468     12.50%     87.50% |       43449     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total       347612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |          83     12.46%     12.46% |          85     12.76%     25.23% |          90     13.51%     38.74% |          71     10.66%     49.40% |          86     12.91%     62.31% |          92     13.81%     76.13% |          74     11.11%     87.24% |          85     12.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Data_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Data_All_Tokens::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Transient_Local_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Transient_Local_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Transient_Local_GETS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Transient_Local_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Persistent_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Persistent_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |         197     12.19%     12.19% |         208     12.87%     25.06% |         195     12.07%     37.13% |         202     12.50%     49.63% |         209     12.93%     62.56% |         196     12.13%     74.69% |         206     12.75%     87.44% |         203     12.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total         1616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Data_Shared |           4     21.05%     21.05% |           2     10.53%     31.58% |           2     10.53%     42.11% |           4     21.05%     63.16% |           2     10.53%     73.68% |           2     10.53%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Data_Shared::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Data_All_Tokens |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           2     40.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Data_All_Tokens::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Transient_Local_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Transient_Local_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Transient_Local_GETS_Last_Token |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Transient_Local_GETS_Last_Token::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |          63     11.98%     11.98% |          79     15.02%     27.00% |          69     13.12%     40.11% |          63     11.98%     52.09% |          69     13.12%     65.21% |          55     10.46%     75.67% |          56     10.65%     86.31% |          72     13.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Data_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Data_All_Tokens::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ack     |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Transient_Local_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Transient_Local_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |           8     14.81%     14.81% |           7     12.96%     27.78% |           7     12.96%     40.74% |           2      3.70%     44.44% |           5      9.26%     53.70% |           9     16.67%     70.37% |           7     12.96%     83.33% |           9     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total           54                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           7     24.14%     31.03% |           5     17.24%     48.28% |           5     17.24%     65.52% |           3     10.34%     75.86% |           2      6.90%     82.76% |           5     17.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           2     13.33%     20.00% |           3     20.00%     40.00% |           2     13.33%     53.33% |           1      6.67%     60.00% |           3     20.00%     80.00% |           2     13.33%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       50241     12.51%     12.51% |       50317     12.53%     25.04% |       50222     12.51%     37.55% |       50111     12.48%     50.03% |       50241     12.51%     62.54% |       50069     12.47%     75.01% |       50018     12.46%     87.46% |       50338     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       401557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Transient_Local_GETX |          17     11.18%     11.18% |          18     11.84%     23.03% |          22     14.47%     37.50% |          20     13.16%     50.66% |          33     21.71%     72.37% |          19     12.50%     84.87% |           8      5.26%     90.13% |          15      9.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Transient_Local_GETX::total          152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Transient_Local_GETS |          41     12.39%     12.39% |          48     14.50%     26.89% |          41     12.39%     39.27% |          44     13.29%     52.57% |          45     13.60%     66.16% |          35     10.57%     76.74% |          30      9.06%     85.80% |          47     14.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Transient_Local_GETS::total          331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETX |           8     12.12%     12.12% |           9     13.64%     25.76% |           6      9.09%     34.85% |          10     15.15%     50.00% |          11     16.67%     66.67% |           9     13.64%     80.30% |           7     10.61%     90.91% |           6      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETX::total           66                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETS |          14     13.86%     13.86% |          18     17.82%     31.68% |           6      5.94%     37.62% |          18     17.82%     55.45% |          15     14.85%     70.30% |          10      9.90%     80.20% |          10      9.90%     90.10% |          10      9.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETS::total          101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |         348     14.36%     14.36% |         327     13.50%     27.86% |         305     12.59%     40.45% |         299     12.34%     52.79% |         285     11.76%     64.55% |         303     12.51%     77.05% |         293     12.09%     89.15% |         263     10.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total         2423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |           5     31.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           4     25.00%     68.75% |           2     12.50%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           2     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     37.50%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       28161     12.65%     12.65% |       27700     12.44%     25.08% |       27964     12.56%     37.64% |       27614     12.40%     50.04% |       27628     12.41%     62.45% |       27935     12.54%     74.99% |       28113     12.62%     87.62% |       27575     12.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       222690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Transient_Local_GETX |           8      9.20%      9.20% |          11     12.64%     21.84% |          14     16.09%     37.93% |           8      9.20%     47.13% |           6      6.90%     54.02% |          14     16.09%     70.11% |          14     16.09%     86.21% |          12     13.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Transient_Local_GETX::total           87                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Transient_Local_GETS |          25     15.34%     15.34% |          22     13.50%     28.83% |          22     13.50%     42.33% |          17     10.43%     52.76% |          16      9.82%     62.58% |          25     15.34%     77.91% |          18     11.04%     88.96% |          18     11.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Transient_Local_GETS::total          163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Persistent_GETX |           5     13.16%     13.16% |           5     13.16%     26.32% |           8     21.05%     47.37% |           2      5.26%     52.63% |           3      7.89%     60.53% |           2      5.26%     65.79% |           5     13.16%     78.95% |           8     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Persistent_GETX::total           38                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Persistent_GETS |           8     15.09%     15.09% |           8     15.09%     30.19% |           7     13.21%     43.40% |           4      7.55%     50.94% |           4      7.55%     58.49% |           7     13.21%     71.70% |           8     15.09%     86.79% |           7     13.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Persistent_GETS::total           53                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |         173     13.08%     13.08% |         166     12.55%     25.62% |         133     10.05%     35.68% |         184     13.91%     49.58% |         170     12.85%     62.43% |         162     12.24%     74.68% |         142     10.73%     85.41% |         193     14.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total         1323                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |           5     10.87%     10.87% |           4      8.70%     19.57% |           5     10.87%     30.43% |           6     13.04%     43.48% |           8     17.39%     60.87% |           7     15.22%     76.09% |           5     10.87%     86.96% |           6     13.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           1      3.45%      3.45% |           4     13.79%     17.24% |           3     10.34%     27.59% |           3     10.34%     37.93% |           5     17.24%     55.17% |           4     13.79%     68.97% |           6     20.69%     89.66% |           3     10.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |      370210     12.51%     12.51% |      372575     12.59%     25.10% |      370139     12.51%     37.61% |      371169     12.54%     50.15% |      368462     12.45%     62.61% |      368601     12.46%     75.06% |      366548     12.39%     87.45% |      371410     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total      2959114                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Transient_Local_GETX |          56     12.70%     12.70% |          55     12.47%     25.17% |          58     13.15%     38.32% |          57     12.93%     51.25% |          61     13.83%     65.08% |          53     12.02%     77.10% |          46     10.43%     87.53% |          55     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Transient_Local_GETX::total          441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Transient_Local_GETS |          84      9.81%      9.81% |         131     15.30%     25.12% |         119     13.90%     39.02% |         124     14.49%     53.50% |         103     12.03%     65.54% |          97     11.33%     76.87% |          96     11.21%     88.08% |         102     11.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Transient_Local_GETS::total          856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Persistent_GETX |           3     10.00%     10.00% |           2      6.67%     16.67% |           4     13.33%     30.00% |           3     10.00%     40.00% |           7     23.33%     63.33% |           4     13.33%     76.67% |           5     16.67%     93.33% |           2      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Persistent_GETX::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Persistent_GETS |           2      2.38%      2.38% |          11     13.10%     15.48% |          11     13.10%     28.57% |          10     11.90%     40.48% |           7      8.33%     48.81% |          13     15.48%     64.29% |          17     20.24%     84.52% |          13     15.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Persistent_GETS::total           84                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |         440     12.63%     12.63% |         415     11.91%     24.53% |         440     12.63%     37.16% |         413     11.85%     49.01% |         428     12.28%     61.29% |         446     12.80%     74.09% |         472     13.54%     87.63% |         431     12.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total         3485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutStarverX |           3     10.00%     10.00% |           2      6.67%     16.67% |           4     13.33%     30.00% |           3     10.00%     40.00% |           7     23.33%     63.33% |           4     13.33%     76.67% |           5     16.67%     93.33% |           2      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutStarverX::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutStarverS |           2      2.20%      2.20% |          11     12.09%     14.29% |          11     12.09%     26.37% |          10     10.99%     37.36% |           9      9.89%     47.25% |          15     16.48%     63.74% |          18     19.78%     83.52% |          15     16.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutStarverS::total           91                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers |       50321     12.51%     12.51% |       50412     12.53%     25.04% |       50299     12.51%     37.55% |       50203     12.48%     50.03% |       50345     12.52%     62.55% |       50143     12.47%     75.02% |       50076     12.45%     87.47% |       50415     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers::total       402214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           5     17.24%     17.24% |           4     13.79%     31.03% |           2      6.90%     37.93% |           3     10.34%     48.28% |           2      6.90%     55.17% |           6     20.69%     75.86% |           2      6.90%     82.76% |           5     17.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           2     14.29%     28.57% |           3     21.43%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           2     14.29%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           3     21.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |      204288     12.51%     12.51% |      203606     12.47%     24.97% |      204500     12.52%     37.50% |      202849     12.42%     49.92% |      203274     12.45%     62.36% |      204548     12.52%     74.89% |      207925     12.73%     87.62% |      202241     12.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total      1633231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Transient_Local_GETX |          35     12.82%     12.82% |          24      8.79%     21.61% |          38     13.92%     35.53% |          36     13.19%     48.72% |          33     12.09%     60.81% |          33     12.09%     72.89% |          35     12.82%     85.71% |          39     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Transient_Local_GETX::total          273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Transient_Local_GETS |          50     10.35%     10.35% |          55     11.39%     21.74% |          62     12.84%     34.58% |          55     11.39%     45.96% |          64     13.25%     59.21% |          69     14.29%     73.50% |          61     12.63%     86.13% |          67     13.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Transient_Local_GETS::total          483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Persistent_GETX |           3     12.00%     12.00% |           3     12.00%     24.00% |           2      8.00%     32.00% |           4     16.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           2      8.00%     60.00% |           3     12.00%     72.00% |           7     28.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Persistent_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Persistent_GETS |           5     11.36%     11.36% |           5     11.36%     22.73% |           4      9.09%     31.82% |           3      6.82%     38.64% |           3      6.82%     45.45% |          10     22.73%     68.18% |           5     11.36%     79.55% |           9     20.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Persistent_GETS::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |         266     13.73%     13.73% |         227     11.72%     25.45% |         273     14.09%     39.55% |         235     12.13%     51.68% |         237     12.24%     63.91% |         234     12.08%     75.99% |         225     11.62%     87.61% |         240     12.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total         1937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutStarverX |           3     11.54%     11.54% |           3     11.54%     23.08% |           2      7.69%     30.77% |           4     15.38%     46.15% |           1      3.85%     50.00% |           2      7.69%     57.69% |           3     11.54%     69.23% |           8     30.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutStarverX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutStarverS |           5     11.11%     11.11% |           6     13.33%     24.44% |           4      8.89%     33.33% |           3      6.67%     40.00% |           3      6.67%     46.67% |          10     22.22%     68.89% |           5     11.11%     80.00% |           9     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutStarverS::total           45                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers |       28207     12.65%     12.65% |       27744     12.44%     25.09% |       28012     12.56%     37.65% |       27643     12.39%     50.04% |       27656     12.40%     62.44% |       27980     12.55%     74.99% |       28157     12.63%     87.62% |       27619     12.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers::total       223018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |      297233     12.73%     12.73% |      289886     12.42%     25.15% |      289674     12.41%     37.56% |      288888     12.37%     49.93% |      292575     12.53%     62.46% |      292468     12.53%     74.99% |      295557     12.66%     87.65% |      288386     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total      2334667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Owner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Owner::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_All_Tokens |       28214     12.65%     12.65% |       27748     12.44%     25.09% |       28014     12.56%     37.65% |       27648     12.40%     50.04% |       27655     12.40%     62.44% |       27988     12.55%     74.99% |       28158     12.62%     87.61% |       27632     12.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_All_Tokens::total       223057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Transient_Local_GETX |          97     13.80%     13.80% |          99     14.08%     27.88% |          72     10.24%     38.12% |         102     14.51%     52.63% |          79     11.24%     63.87% |          86     12.23%     76.10% |          72     10.24%     86.34% |          96     13.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Transient_Local_GETX::total          703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Transient_Local_GETS |         157     12.07%     12.07% |         146     11.22%     23.29% |         173     13.30%     36.59% |         141     10.84%     47.43% |         168     12.91%     60.34% |         186     14.30%     74.63% |         157     12.07%     86.70% |         173     13.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Transient_Local_GETS::total         1301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Persistent_GETX |           6     12.00%     12.00% |           5     10.00%     22.00% |           5     10.00%     32.00% |           5     10.00%     42.00% |           6     12.00%     54.00% |           9     18.00%     72.00% |           9     18.00%     90.00% |           5     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Persistent_GETX::total           50                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Persistent_GETS |          11     10.48%     10.48% |          13     12.38%     22.86% |          17     16.19%     39.05% |          10      9.52%     48.57% |          13     12.38%     60.95% |          15     14.29%     75.24% |          13     12.38%     87.62% |          13     12.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Persistent_GETS::total          105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |        1706     12.40%     12.40% |        1723     12.52%     24.92% |        1721     12.51%     37.43% |        1759     12.78%     50.21% |        1740     12.65%     62.86% |        1764     12.82%     75.68% |        1632     11.86%     87.54% |        1715     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total        13760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Request_Timeout |       11760     12.12%     12.12% |       12506     12.89%     25.02% |       12482     12.87%     37.89% |       12270     12.65%     50.54% |       11911     12.28%     62.82% |       11774     12.14%     74.96% |       11971     12.34%     87.30% |       12321     12.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Request_Timeout::total        96995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     63.16%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           2      5.26%     68.42% |          12     31.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.L1_Replacement::total           38                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack_All_Tokens::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Request_Timeout |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Request_Timeout::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |      529103     12.51%     12.51% |      530672     12.54%     25.05% |      533381     12.61%     37.66% |      528913     12.50%     50.16% |      528203     12.49%     62.65% |      526767     12.45%     75.10% |      522401     12.35%     87.45% |      531078     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total      4230518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Shared |         182     12.74%     12.74% |         180     12.60%     25.33% |         177     12.39%     37.72% |         176     12.32%     50.03% |         184     12.88%     62.91% |         172     12.04%     74.95% |         179     12.53%     87.47% |         179     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Shared::total         1429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Owner |          23     11.39%     11.39% |          31     15.35%     26.73% |          30     14.85%     41.58% |          19      9.41%     50.99% |          27     13.37%     64.36% |          21     10.40%     74.75% |          26     12.87%     87.62% |          25     12.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Owner::total          202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_All_Tokens |       50326     12.51%     12.51% |       50430     12.53%     25.04% |       50318     12.51%     37.55% |       50220     12.48%     50.03% |       50365     12.52%     62.55% |       50164     12.47%     75.01% |       50104     12.45%     87.47% |       50434     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_All_Tokens::total       402361                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Transient_Local_GETX |         166     13.17%     13.17% |         158     12.54%     25.71% |         158     12.54%     38.25% |         143     11.35%     49.60% |         183     14.52%     64.13% |         147     11.67%     75.79% |         148     11.75%     87.54% |         157     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Transient_Local_GETX::total         1260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Transient_Local_GETS |         290     12.11%     12.11% |         316     13.19%     25.30% |         302     12.61%     37.91% |         301     12.57%     50.48% |         323     13.49%     63.97% |         281     11.73%     75.70% |         277     11.57%     87.27% |         305     12.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Transient_Local_GETS::total         2395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Persistent_GETX |           7      6.93%      6.93% |          24     23.76%     30.69% |          15     14.85%     45.54% |          11     10.89%     56.44% |          13     12.87%     69.31% |          15     14.85%     84.16% |           9      8.91%     93.07% |           7      6.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Persistent_GETX::total          101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Persistent_GETS |          30     13.39%     13.39% |          30     13.39%     26.79% |          30     13.39%     40.18% |          19      8.48%     48.66% |          28     12.50%     61.16% |          24     10.71%     71.88% |          31     13.84%     85.71% |          32     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Persistent_GETS::total          224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |        3245     12.99%     12.99% |        3160     12.65%     25.63% |        3132     12.53%     38.17% |        3085     12.35%     50.51% |        3159     12.64%     63.15% |        3121     12.49%     75.64% |        3072     12.29%     87.94% |        3014     12.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total        24988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Request_Timeout |       21713     12.50%     12.50% |       21677     12.48%     24.98% |       21741     12.52%     37.50% |       21122     12.16%     49.66% |       22600     13.01%     62.67% |       21444     12.35%     75.02% |       22164     12.76%     87.78% |       21223     12.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Request_Timeout::total       173684                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Load  |          25     12.63%     12.63% |          17      8.59%     21.21% |          18      9.09%     30.30% |          26     13.13%     43.43% |          29     14.65%     58.08% |          20     10.10%     68.18% |          26     13.13%     81.31% |          37     18.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Load::total          198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Store |          13     11.61%     11.61% |           7      6.25%     17.86% |          15     13.39%     31.25% |          17     15.18%     46.43% |          15     13.39%     59.82% |          18     16.07%     75.89% |          16     14.29%     90.18% |          11      9.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Store::total          112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_Replacement |          95      7.85%      7.85% |         180     14.88%     22.73% |         131     10.83%     33.55% |          79      6.53%     40.08% |         151     12.48%     52.56% |         218     18.02%     70.58% |         150     12.40%     82.98% |         206     17.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_Replacement::total         1210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Data_All_Tokens |          18     17.14%     17.14% |          23     21.90%     39.05% |          11     10.48%     49.52% |          15     14.29%     63.81% |          10      9.52%     73.33% |          12     11.43%     84.76% |           7      6.67%     91.43% |           9      8.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Data_All_Tokens::total          105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Transient_Local_GETX |          97     13.84%     13.84% |          95     13.55%     27.39% |          83     11.84%     39.23% |          85     12.13%     51.36% |          87     12.41%     63.77% |          78     11.13%     74.89% |          90     12.84%     87.73% |          86     12.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Transient_Local_GETX::total          701                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Transient_Local_GETS |         144     12.85%     12.85% |         138     12.31%     25.16% |         149     13.29%     38.45% |         135     12.04%     50.49% |         137     12.22%     62.71% |         142     12.67%     75.38% |         140     12.49%     87.87% |         136     12.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Transient_Local_GETS::total         1121                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETX |       13750     12.50%     12.50% |       13751     12.50%     25.01% |       13711     12.47%     37.47% |       13722     12.48%     49.95% |       13734     12.49%     62.44% |       13710     12.47%     74.90% |       13851     12.59%     87.50% |       13752     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETX::total       109981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETS |       24873     12.45%     12.45% |       24947     12.49%     24.94% |       24964     12.50%     37.43% |       25049     12.54%     49.97% |       24936     12.48%     62.45% |       24961     12.49%     74.95% |       24980     12.50%     87.45% |       25073     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETS::total       199783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |          33     12.45%     12.45% |          33     12.45%     24.91% |          32     12.08%     36.98% |          27     10.19%     47.17% |          31     11.70%     58.87% |          35     13.21%     72.08% |          33     12.45%     84.53% |          41     15.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total          265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.L1_Replacement |          38     11.55%     11.55% |          61     18.54%     30.09% |          26      7.90%     37.99% |          51     15.50%     53.50% |          62     18.84%     72.34% |          10      3.04%     75.38% |          62     18.84%     94.22% |          19      5.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.L1_Replacement::total          329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Data_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Data_All_Tokens::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Persistent_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.94%      2.94% |           2      5.88%      8.82% |           1      2.94%     11.76% |           7     20.59%     32.35% |           8     23.53%     55.88% |           9     26.47%     82.35% |           6     17.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Persistent_GETS::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |          17      8.50%      8.50% |          29     14.50%     23.00% |          18      9.00%     32.00% |          29     14.50%     46.50% |          27     13.50%     60.00% |          26     13.00%     73.00% |          29     14.50%     87.50% |          25     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total          200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.L1_Replacement |         166     11.01%     11.01% |         156     10.34%     21.35% |         235     15.58%     36.94% |         157     10.41%     47.35% |         147      9.75%     57.10% |         250     16.58%     73.67% |         227     15.05%     88.73% |         170     11.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.L1_Replacement::total         1508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Data_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Data_All_Tokens::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Persistent_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           4     57.14%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Persistent_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Persistent_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           1      4.55%      9.09% |           4     18.18%     27.27% |           1      4.55%     31.82% |           6     27.27%     59.09% |           3     13.64%     72.73% |           6     27.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Persistent_GETS::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |          30     11.32%     11.32% |          24      9.06%     20.38% |          37     13.96%     34.34% |          32     12.08%     46.42% |          34     12.83%     59.25% |          42     15.85%     75.09% |          38     14.34%     89.43% |          28     10.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total          265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Request_Timeout |          24      6.11%      6.11% |          43     10.94%     17.05% |          48     12.21%     29.26% |          26      6.62%     35.88% |          18      4.58%     40.46% |          66     16.79%     57.25% |         138     35.11%     92.37% |          30      7.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Request_Timeout::total          393                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.L1_Replacement |         210      8.70%      8.70% |         363     15.04%     23.74% |         263     10.89%     34.63% |         225      9.32%     43.95% |         282     11.68%     55.63% |         363     15.04%     70.67% |         336     13.92%     84.59% |         372     15.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.L1_Replacement::total         2414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_Shared |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_Shared::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_All_Tokens |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           2     25.00%     37.50% |           2     25.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_All_Tokens::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Transient_Local_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Transient_Local_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Persistent_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           4     19.05%     28.57% |           3     14.29%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           3     14.29%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           7     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Persistent_GETX::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Persistent_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.44%      2.44% |           1      2.44%      4.88% |           5     12.20%     17.07% |          11     26.83%     43.90% |           5     12.20%     56.10% |           9     21.95%     78.05% |           9     21.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Persistent_GETS::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |          61     11.91%     11.91% |          71     13.87%     25.78% |          62     12.11%     37.89% |          56     10.94%     48.83% |          67     13.09%     61.91% |          57     11.13%     73.05% |          65     12.70%     85.74% |          73     14.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total          512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Request_Timeout |         122     15.66%     15.66% |          80     10.27%     25.93% |         163     20.92%     46.85% |          39      5.01%     51.86% |         125     16.05%     67.91% |         143     18.36%     86.26% |          73      9.37%     95.64% |          34      4.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Request_Timeout::total          779                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         403983      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS_Last_Token           34      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         223069      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_INV             668      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       599911      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Shared_Data          988      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_All_Tokens       624946      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Owned          455      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETX        15761      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS        28642      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Own_Lock_or_Unlock        44053      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       402707      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       222334      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_INV          488      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Writeback_Shared_Data          916      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Writeback_All_Tokens       598635      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Writeback_Owned          368      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Own_Lock_or_Unlock        36593      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L1_GETS           55      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L1_GETX           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L1_INV             2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L2_Replacement         7638      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Writeback_Shared_Data            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Writeback_All_Tokens          472      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Writeback_Owned           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Persistent_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Persistent_GETS           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS_Last_Token           34      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement          821      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Writeback_Shared_Data            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Writeback_All_Tokens           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Writeback_Owned            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.L1_GETS           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement          877      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.Writeback_Shared_Data            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.Writeback_All_Tokens          628      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETS            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS         1132      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX          659      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       589830      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETX         2834      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETS         5343      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_GETS           68      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_GETX           49      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_INV          178      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.L2_Replacement          745      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Writeback_Shared_Data           62      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Writeback_All_Tokens        25140      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Writeback_Owned           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETX        12924      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETS        23274      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock         7451      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock            9      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
