
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000106                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   105542000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  105542000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 163449                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   163449                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               17392605                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 309188                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      991839                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        991839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            22976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst              768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst             4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                42496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        22976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           28800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           217695325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data           101874135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst             7276724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             7883118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst            46085918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data            12127873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst             1819181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             7883118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               402645392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      217695325                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        7276724                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       46085918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        1819181                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          272877148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          217695325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data          101874135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst            7276724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            7883118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst           46085918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data           12127873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst            1819181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            7883118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              402645392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           665                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                         665                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                    42560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                     42560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             78                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                  42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                  27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                  60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                  65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                  28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                  18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                  24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                   7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                  28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                 97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                       105514000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     665                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      280.338028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     190.767584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     256.989000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127             41     28.87%     28.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255           38     26.76%     55.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383           26     18.31%     73.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511           12      8.45%     82.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639            6      4.23%     86.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      4.23%     90.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      4.23%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      1.41%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      3.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        6421750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  18890500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                      3325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9656.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28406.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         403.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      403.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       3.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                        512                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   76.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       158667.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      76.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                     687960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                     375375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                   2753400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy                6611280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy               29877120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy               34680750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy                 74985885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              738.913691                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       57973250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF         3380000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT        40577250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                     355320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                     193875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                   2043600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy                6611280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy               27463455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy               36789750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy                 73457280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              723.948851                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       62480000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF         3380000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        37046000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                  81296                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted            78365                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             1199                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups               77900                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                  75117                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            96.427471                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                    763                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               128                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          211085                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             20068                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                        480268                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                      81296                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches             75880                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                       163785                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   2699                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1916                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                     7139                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  648                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples            187121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.566617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.228608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                   30271     16.18%     16.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   77424     41.38%     57.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                     764      0.41%     57.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                    1076      0.58%     58.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                     624      0.33%     58.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   72740     38.87%     97.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                     718      0.38%     98.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                     448      0.24%     98.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                    3056      1.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total              187121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.385134                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.275235                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                   15778                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles                17868                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   151448                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                  678                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  1349                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts                468198                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  1349                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                   16395                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                   2033                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14616                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   151464                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles                 1264                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts                464735                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                    17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   756                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands             318331                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups               926755                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups          700443                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps               304259                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   14072                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               900                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           909                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                     4585                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              148203                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              75025                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            72247                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           71998                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                    388891                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                968                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                   385538                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               23                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          12303                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11219                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           409                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       187121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.060367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.127018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              33176     17.73%     17.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               4313      2.30%     20.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              73426     39.24%     59.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              72986     39.00%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               1673      0.89%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                893      0.48%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                397      0.21%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                180      0.10%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 77      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         187121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    102     35.29%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     35.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    84     29.07%     64.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  103     35.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               163537     42.42%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              147667     38.30%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              74334     19.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total                385538                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.826459                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        289                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000750                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            958509                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           402215                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       383670                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses                385827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           71619                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2484                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1659                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1349                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                   1995                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   47                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             462536                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               148203                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               75025                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               847                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    42                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           324                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1113                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                1437                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts               384525                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               147369                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1013                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                        72677                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      221564                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                   76264                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     74195                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.821660                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                        384046                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                       383670                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                   227520                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                   230755                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.817609                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.985981                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          13745                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            559                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             1199                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       184477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.432498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.147629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        33360     18.08%     18.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        75359     40.85%     58.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2024      1.10%     60.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          644      0.35%     60.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          522      0.28%     60.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        71315     38.66%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          520      0.28%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          246      0.13%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          487      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       184477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts              448740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps                448740                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        219085                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       145719                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                     75253                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                   302590                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                 223                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        71985     16.04%     16.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          157586     35.12%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         145803     32.49%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         73366     16.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total           448740                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                  487                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                      645314                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                     927635                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            318                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          23964                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     376671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                       376671                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.560396                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.560396                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.784452                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.784452                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                  687652                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                 310240                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                      192                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                 223454                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                   564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          141.523626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             147885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           869.911765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   141.523626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.276413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.276413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.328125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           596477                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          596477                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        75193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        72780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         72780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           20                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             20                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       147973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          147973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       147973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         147973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          544                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          544                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           22                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          1026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         1026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         1026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15529368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15529368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32868763                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32868763                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       428750                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       428750                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48398131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     48398131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48398131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     48398131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        75675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        75675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        73324                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73324                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       148999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       148999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007419                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007419                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.523810                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.523810                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32218.605809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32218.605809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60420.520221                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60420.520221                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19488.636364                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19488.636364                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47171.667641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47171.667641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47171.667641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47171.667641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          754                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               27                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.925926                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           22                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6541511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6541511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7390227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7390227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       383250                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       383250                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13931738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13931738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13931738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13931738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002441                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002441                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.523810                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523810                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35745.961749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35745.961749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41286.184358                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41286.184358                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17420.454545                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17420.454545                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38485.464088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38485.464088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38485.464088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38485.464088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              319                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          239.733862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               6347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.439145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   239.733862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.468230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.468230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.564453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses             7747                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses            7747                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst         6347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           6347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst         6347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total            6347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst         6347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total           6347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36432996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36432996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36432996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     36432996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36432996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     36432996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         7139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         7139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total         7139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         7139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total         7139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.110940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.110940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.110940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.110940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.110940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 46001.257576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46001.257576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 46001.257576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46001.257576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 46001.257576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46001.257576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27995751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27995751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27995751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27995751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27995751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27995751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 45970.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45970.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 45970.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45970.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 45970.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45970.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                  48230                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted            44811                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             1266                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups               41091                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                  39963                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.254873                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                    868                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.numCycles                          160735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles             33641                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                        261327                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                      48230                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches             40831                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                       122936                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   2691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1065                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                    24854                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  432                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples            159000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.643566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.124362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                   63867     40.17%     40.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                   48973     30.80%     70.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                    8266      5.20%     76.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                    3472      2.18%     78.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                    1057      0.66%     79.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                   27547     17.33%     96.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                    1174      0.74%     97.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                     753      0.47%     97.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                    3891      2.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total              159000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.300059                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.625825                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                   17613                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles                67674                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                    68228                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles                 4130                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  1345                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts                247069                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  1345                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                   18292                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                  33178                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles         12317                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                    69139                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles                24719                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts                243777                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 21468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents                    22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents               3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands             169834                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups               458131                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups          358650                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps               155489                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   14345                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts              1180                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1243                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                    29340                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads               66237                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores              30368                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads            32190                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores           25244                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                    200152                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7929                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                   203048                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               39                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          12672                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           679                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       159000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.277031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.370207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              67764     42.62%     42.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              26124     16.43%     59.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              29595     18.61%     77.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              29204     18.37%     96.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3405      2.14%     98.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1592      1.00%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                880      0.55%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                226      0.14%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                210      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         159000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     87     24.30%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     24.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    62     17.32%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     58.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               101499     49.99%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               71903     35.41%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              29646     14.60%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                203048                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.263247                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        358                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001763                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            565493                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           220798                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       201375                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                203406                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           24951                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2787                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1647                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1345                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                   8539                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   65                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             241028                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              239                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                66237                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               30368                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1097                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    39                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           465                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1009                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                1474                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts               201951                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                65061                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1097                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                        32947                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                       94595                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                   42219                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                     29534                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.256422                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                        201670                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                       201375                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                   112178                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                   118722                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.252839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.944880                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          14315                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           7250                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             1266                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       156398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.449251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.979774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        74586     47.69%     47.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        38945     24.90%     72.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5214      3.33%     75.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         8053      5.15%     81.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1537      0.98%     82.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24957     15.96%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          851      0.54%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          951      0.61%     99.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1304      0.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       156398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts              226660                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                226660                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                         92171                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                        63450                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                       6533                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                     41215                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                   155506                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        32002     14.12%     14.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           95954     42.33%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          69983     30.88%     87.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         28721     12.67%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total           226660                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                 1304                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                      395483                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                     484550                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            209                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           1735                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                       43282                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     188125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                       188125                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.854405                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.854405                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.170405                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.170405                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                  343348                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                 161358                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                  96189                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           23.332143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              34754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1241.214286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    23.332143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.045571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.045571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.054688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           275515                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          275515                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        39673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          39673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        28513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         28513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        68186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           68186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        68186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          68186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          137                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           57                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           57                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5603617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5603617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2812761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2812761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       492507                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       492507                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      8416378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      8416378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      8416378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      8416378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        40095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        40095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        28650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        68745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        68745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        68745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        68745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.010525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.802817                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.802817                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13278.713270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13278.713270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20531.102190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20531.102190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8640.473684                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8640.473684                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15056.132379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15056.132379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15056.132379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15056.132379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          296                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          296                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           57                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1125015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1125015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1272489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1272489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       378493                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       378493                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2397504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2397504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2397504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2397504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.802817                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.802817                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7031.343750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7031.343750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12354.262136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12354.262136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6640.228070                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6640.228070                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9115.984791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9115.984791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9115.984791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9115.984791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              388                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse           76.215682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              24292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            48.779116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    76.215682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.148859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.148859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.214844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            25352                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           25352                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst        24292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          24292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst        24292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           24292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst        24292                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          24292                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7960746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7960746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7960746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7960746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7960746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7960746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        24854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst        24854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        24854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst        24854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        24854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.022612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.022612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.022612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14165.028470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14165.028470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14165.028470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14165.028470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14165.028470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14165.028470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           64                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6368004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6368004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6368004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6368004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6368004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6368004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.020037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.020037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.020037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12787.156627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12787.156627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12787.156627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12787.156627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12787.156627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12787.156627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                  55295                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted            51520                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             1304                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups               47890                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                  46487                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.070370                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                    899                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                          160375                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles             28879                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                        309014                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                      55295                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches             47386                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                       123906                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   2765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1110                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                    19451                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  461                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples            155294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.989864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.243889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                   49501     31.88%     31.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                   52893     34.06%     65.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                    5338      3.44%     69.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                    3457      2.23%     71.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                     949      0.61%     72.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                   36899     23.76%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                    1216      0.78%     96.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                     841      0.54%     97.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                    4200      2.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total              155294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.344786                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.926822                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                   17746                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles                46456                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                    86830                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles                 2870                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  1382                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts                293603                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  1382                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                   18442                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                  20397                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles         12871                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                    87967                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles                14225                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts                290431                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 12472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                    29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents               6                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands             205748                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups               562377                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups          437048                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps               190737                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   15011                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts              1169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1232                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                    18731                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads               82610                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores              39860                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            38981                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores           34721                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                    242796                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5190                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                   242904                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               29                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          13134                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        12157                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           612                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       155294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.564156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.378675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              52943     34.09%     34.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              18212     11.73%     45.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              39071     25.16%     70.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              38654     24.89%     95.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3479      2.24%     98.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1594      1.03%     99.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                891      0.57%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                244      0.16%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                206      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         155294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     90     25.64%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     25.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    52     14.81%     40.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     59.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               118122     48.63%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     48.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               85639     35.26%     83.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              39143     16.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                242904                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.514600                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        351                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001445                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            641482                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           261162                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       241189                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                243255                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           34438                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2866                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1666                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1382                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                   6074                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   55                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             287692                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                82610                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               39860                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1098                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    33                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           470                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1074                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                1544                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts               241779                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                81452                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1125                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        39706                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                      120488                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                   49059                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                     39036                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.507585                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                        241491                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                       241189                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                   138145                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                   144798                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.503906                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.954053                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          14779                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           4578                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             1304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       152612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.787933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.101313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        57189     37.47%     37.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        45780     30.00%     67.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5178      3.39%     70.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         5403      3.54%     74.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1516      0.99%     75.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        34396     22.54%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          886      0.58%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          957      0.63%     99.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1307      0.86%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       152612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts              272860                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                272860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                        117938                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                        79744                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                       3865                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                     48024                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                   188084                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        38815     14.23%     14.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          112242     41.14%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          83609     30.64%     86.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         38194     14.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total           272860                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                 1307                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                      438358                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                     577962                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            214                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           5081                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                       43644                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     230180                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                       230180                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.696737                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.696737                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.435261                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.435261                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                  421380                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                 197053                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                 122100                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           25.900864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              44302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1582.214286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    25.900864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.050588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.050588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.054688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           341013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          341013                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        46548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          46548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        37978                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         37978                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           12                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             12                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        84526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           84526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        84526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          84526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7705986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7705986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3669012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3669012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       505508                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       505508                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data     11374998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11374998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data     11374998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11374998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        46996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        38127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           67                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           67                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        85123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        85123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        85123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        85123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.009533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.820896                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.820896                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17200.861607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17200.861607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24624.241611                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24624.241611                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9191.054545                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9191.054545                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19053.597990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19053.597990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19053.597990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19053.597990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           55                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1526276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1526276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1511738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1511738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       395492                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       395492                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3038014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3038014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3038014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3038014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.002833                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002833                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.820896                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.820896                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9599.220126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9599.220126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13997.574074                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13997.574074                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7190.763636                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7190.763636                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11378.329588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11378.329588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11378.329588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11378.329588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              378                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse           84.872672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs              18881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            38.532653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    84.872672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.165767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.165767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.218750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses            19941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses           19941                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst        18881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          18881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst        18881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total           18881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst        18881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total          18881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     13340243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13340243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     13340243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13340243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     13340243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13340243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        19451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        19451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst        19451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total        19451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst        19451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total        19451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.029304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.029304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.029304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 23403.935088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23403.935088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 23403.935088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23403.935088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 23403.935088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23403.935088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          128                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    42.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           80                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     10370006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10370006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     10370006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10370006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     10370006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10370006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.025192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.025192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.025192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21163.277551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21163.277551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21163.277551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21163.277551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21163.277551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21163.277551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                  49708                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted            46346                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             1279                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups               42456                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                  41477                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.694083                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                    887                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.numCycles                          160031                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles             32677                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                        271496                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                      49708                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches             42364                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                       123781                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   2713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1129                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                    23830                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  414                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples            158956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.707995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.148637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                   61281     38.55%     38.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                   50034     31.48%     70.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                    7755      4.88%     74.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                    3467      2.18%     77.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                    1003      0.63%     77.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                   29472     18.54%     96.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                    1313      0.83%     97.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                     747      0.47%     97.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                    3884      2.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total              158956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.310615                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.696521                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                   17592                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles                63734                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                    72321                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles                 3943                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  1356                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts                257189                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  1356                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                   18288                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                  30790                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles         12415                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                    73229                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles                22868                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts                253914                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 19808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents                    26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.FullRegisterEvents               3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands             177532                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups               480099                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups          375267                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps               162743                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   14789                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts              1176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1243                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                    27539                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads               69653                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores              32298                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads            33633                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores           27116                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                    209239                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7471                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                   211679                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               49                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          13005                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11959                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           663                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       158956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.331683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.377458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              65156     40.99%     40.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              24774     15.59%     56.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              31508     19.82%     76.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              31138     19.59%     95.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3432      2.16%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1609      1.01%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                879      0.55%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                252      0.16%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                208      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         158956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     91     25.07%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     25.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    63     17.36%     42.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     57.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               105163     49.68%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               74926     35.40%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              31590     14.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                211679                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.322737                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        363                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001715                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            582726                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           229757                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       209929                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                212042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           26876                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2797                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1652                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1356                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                   8047                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   61                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             251105                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                69653                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               32298                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1093                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    37                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           461                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1042                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                1503                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts               210537                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                68521                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                        34395                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                       99995                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                   43728                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                     31474                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.315601                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                        210248                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                       209929                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                   117676                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                   124324                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.311802                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.946527                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          14613                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           6808                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             1279                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       156309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.512638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.007092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        71539     45.77%     45.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        40455     25.88%     71.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5161      3.30%     74.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         7618      4.87%     79.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1540      0.99%     80.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26903     17.21%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          829      0.53%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          953      0.61%     99.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1311      0.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       156309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts              236439                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                236439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                         97502                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                        66856                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                       6091                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                     42698                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                   162319                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        33485     14.16%     14.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           99361     42.02%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          72947     30.85%     87.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         30646     12.96%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total           236439                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                 1311                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                      405464                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                     504751                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            203                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           1075                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                       43988                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     196863                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                       196863                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.812905                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.812905                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.230155                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.230155                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                  359772                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                 168916                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                 101608                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           24.432858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              36837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1270.241379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    24.432858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.047720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.047720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           289352                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          289352                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        41209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          41209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        30434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        71643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           71643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        71643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          71643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          141                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          141                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           57                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           57                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      5396537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5396537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2783262                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2783262                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       481005                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       481005                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      8179799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      8179799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      8179799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      8179799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        41628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        30575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        30575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        72203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        72203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        72203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        72203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.010065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.802817                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.802817                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.007756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.007756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12879.563246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12879.563246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19739.446809                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19739.446809                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8438.684211                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8438.684211                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14606.783929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14606.783929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14606.783929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14606.783929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          293                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          293                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           57                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1078521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1078521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1312238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1312238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       366995                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       366995                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2390759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2390759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2390759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2390759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.802817                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.802817                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6740.756250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6740.756250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12263.906542                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12263.906542                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6438.508772                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6438.508772                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8954.153558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8954.153558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8954.153558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8954.153558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              386                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse           78.630086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              23274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            47.018182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    78.630086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.153574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.153574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.212891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            24325                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           24325                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst        23274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst        23274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           23274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst        23274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          23274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7666496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7666496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7666496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7666496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7666496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7666496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        23830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst        23830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        23830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst        23830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        23830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.023332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.023332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.023332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13788.661871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13788.661871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13788.661871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13788.661871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13788.661871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13788.661871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           61                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5988753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5988753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5988753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5988753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5988753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5988753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.020772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.020772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.020772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12098.490909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12098.490909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12098.490909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12098.490909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12098.490909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12098.490909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  421.782597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                       1661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                      531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     3.128060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       0.793367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      288.136506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       58.239710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        7.908939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data        0.685353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       57.810668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data        5.358893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        2.126194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data        0.722968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.004397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.000889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.000121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.000882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data       0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.006436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          531                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.008102                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                    20025                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                   20025                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data                 11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                   1661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks               1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                    1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                409                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1661                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data               74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               81                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data                7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst                6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                  546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                78                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             94                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                81                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                 6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              361                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               81                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst                6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  677                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24898500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5922000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      1027000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        75000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5770000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       523250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       593000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        75000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       38883750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6920500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       837000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1047250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       851750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9656500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24898500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12842500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      1027000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data       912000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5770000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1570500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data       926750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total        48540250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24898500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12842500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      1027000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data       912000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5770000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1570500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data       926750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total       48540250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data             79                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst            490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst            495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total               2207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total                1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              81                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                2338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               2338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.592775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.936709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.030120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.165306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.012121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.247395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.884615                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.962963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.592775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.971098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.030120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.165306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.012121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.289564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.592775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.971098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.030120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.165306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.012121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.289564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68970.914127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80027.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 68466.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        75000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 71234.567901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        74750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 98833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        75000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71215.659341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73622.340426                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        69750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80557.692308                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70979.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73713.740458                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68970.914127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76443.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 68466.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70153.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 71234.567901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        78525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 98833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 71288.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71699.039882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68970.914127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76443.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 68466.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70153.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 71234.567901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        78525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 98833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 71288.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71699.039882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           76                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total              665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           76                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total             665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5009000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       701250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4539000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       436250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       390250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31540750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       230023                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       180018                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       200020                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       170017                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       780078                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5761500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       687000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       888250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       700750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8037500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10770500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       701250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       749500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1324500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       390250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       763250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39578250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10770500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       701250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       749500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1324500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       390250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       763250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39578250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.591133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.936709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.155102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.884615                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.591133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.155102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.284431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.591133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.155102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        56500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67689.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58437.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 59723.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62321.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 130083.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59065.074906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61292.553191                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        57250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68326.923077                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 58395.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61354.961832                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        56500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64110.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58437.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57653.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 59723.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        66225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 130083.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 58711.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59516.165414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        56500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64110.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58437.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57653.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 59723.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        66225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 130083.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 58711.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59516.165414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              78                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port         1729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port        42496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   42496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              244                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               987                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     987    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 987                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              933500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            6348672                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               2754                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2753                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             277                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            277                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              411                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             411                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                  5861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        38912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        11136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total                 149632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                            1023                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples             3443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                   3443    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total               3443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            1734981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2800749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy           1466512                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy           2243496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy           1172003                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy           2220994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy           1183494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy           2229247                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy           1196246                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
