
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.226819                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                226818771000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               226818771000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 207340                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   207340                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              117965343                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 287544                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1922.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   398664665                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     398664665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            249280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            254592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               503872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       249280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          249280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               3895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data               3978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  7873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              1099027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              1122447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2221474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         1099027                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1099027                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             1099027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             1122447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                2221474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          7873                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                        7873                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                   503872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                    503872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                 676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                 471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                 633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                 475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                 478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                 563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                 560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                 469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                 437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    226818689500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    7873                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      6808                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         1523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      329.076822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     197.330219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     334.077184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127            516     33.88%     33.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255          348     22.85%     56.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383          193     12.67%     69.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511          104      6.83%     76.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639           58      3.81%     80.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      2.69%     82.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      2.10%     84.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           40      2.63%     87.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          191     12.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           1523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       50610250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 198229000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                     39365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        6428.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25178.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                       6341                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   80.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     28809690.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      80.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                    6698160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                    3654750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                  34164000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            14814352800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy             5823127980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           130980226500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             151662224190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              668.664235                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   217898379000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      7573800000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      1344256000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                    4808160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                    2623500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                  26910000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            14814352800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy             5572496700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           131200078500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             151621269660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              668.483670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   218263346500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      7573800000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT       976701000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                46273761                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          26730646                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           1017469                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             25595416                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                21359944                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             83.452224                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 8341649                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                323                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     95585470                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        115                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 95585585                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    73606436                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       857                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                73607293                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    169191906                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        972                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                169192878                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    98781228                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      1237                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                98782465                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  215                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        453637542                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   398664665                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     398664665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       4467797                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.137893                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.878818                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                       450174327                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                         3463215                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements               771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          3291.955330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           168028615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              4165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          40343.004802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3291.955330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.803700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.803700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.828613                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         336075633                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        336075633                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     94513823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        94513823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     73514792                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       73514792                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     168028615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        168028615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    168028615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       168028615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         1181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          1181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         5938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         7119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           7119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         7119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          7119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     81009750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81009750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    391587500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    391587500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    472597250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    472597250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    472597250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    472597250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     94515004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94515004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     73520730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     73520730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    168035734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    168035734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    168035734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    168035734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68594.199831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68594.199831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65946.025598                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65946.025598                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66385.342042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66385.342042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66385.342042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66385.342042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         2743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data         2954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data         2954                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2954                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     64296000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64296000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    214342750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214342750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    278638750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    278638750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    278638750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    278638750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66284.536082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66284.536082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67086.932707                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67086.932707                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66900.060024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66900.060024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66900.060024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66900.060024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3196                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1918.781818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            98776054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              5174                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          19090.849246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1918.781818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.936905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.936905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1978                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.965820                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         197567630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        197567630                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     98776054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        98776054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      98776054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         98776054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     98776054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        98776054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         5174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          5174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         5174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           5174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         5174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          5174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    293011250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293011250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    293011250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    293011250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    293011250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    293011250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     98781228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     98781228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     98781228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     98781228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     98781228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     98781228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56631.474681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56631.474681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56631.474681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56631.474681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56631.474681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56631.474681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281053750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    281053750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281053750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    281053750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281053750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    281053750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54320.400077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54320.400077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54320.400077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54320.400077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54320.400077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54320.400077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse         4426.924727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs               1494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs             5273                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.283330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   373.138335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3411.752394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   642.033998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.011387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.104118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.019593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.135099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160919                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            88415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           88415                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         1279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data          126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total           1405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks          654                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total          654                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data          187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total            1466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         1279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data          187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total           1466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         3895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         4736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         3137                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         3137                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         3895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         3978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          7873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         3895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         3978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         7873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    263088750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     61866750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    324955500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    210698500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    210698500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    263088750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    272565250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    535654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    263088750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    272565250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    535654000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         5174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          654                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total          654                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         3198                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3198                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         5174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         9339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         5174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         4165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         9339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.752802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.869700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.771210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.980926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.752802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.843024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.752802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.843024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67545.250321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73563.317479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68613.914696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67165.604080                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67165.604080                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67545.250321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68518.162393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68036.834752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67545.250321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68518.162393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68036.834752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3137                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         3137                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    214177750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     51424250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    171025500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171025500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    214177750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    222449750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    436627500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    214177750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    222449750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    436627500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.752802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.869700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.771210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.752802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.843024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.752802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.843024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54987.869063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61146.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56081.503378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54518.807778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54518.807778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54987.869063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55919.997486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55458.846691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54987.869063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55919.997486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55458.846691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           6141                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          6141                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          654                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         3198                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3198                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        10348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         8984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total             19332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       331136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       308416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total             639552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples         9993                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               9993    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total           9993                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        5650500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       8565750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       6972750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        15746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       503872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  503872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              7873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    7873    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                7873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             9387500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           73877500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
