
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.920419                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1920418772000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1920418772000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1235696                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1235696                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            42298287542                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 370580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    45.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56102800                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56102800                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            850560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24857984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25709504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       850560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          850560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7403648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7403648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              13290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                401711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          115682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               115682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               442903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             12944043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13387447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          442903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             442903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3855226                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3855226                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3855226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              442903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            12944043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17242673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        401711                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       157234                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      401711                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     157234                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 25703040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      6464                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   9922432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  25709504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               10062976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      101                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    2169                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            130                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               25523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               24974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               24969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               24210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               24487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               24800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              24834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              24395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               10048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                9910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               10442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                9959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                9552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                9342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                8789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                8561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                9905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                8742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               9526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               9262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               9811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              10568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              10305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              10316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1920406851000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  401711                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 157234                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    401596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     4336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     7978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     9053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    11129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    12018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    11559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    11623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    10445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     9597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     8159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     6050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        66451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      536.116417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     326.833533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     417.088244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          15015     22.60%     22.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11499     17.30%     39.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4712      7.09%     46.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3144      4.73%     51.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3072      4.62%     56.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1860      2.80%     59.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1297      1.95%     61.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1463      2.20%     63.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        24389     36.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          66451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5539                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        72.502618                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2835.834060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           5536     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5539                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        27.990251                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       21.086567                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       34.704660                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23            4497     81.19%     81.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31             178      3.21%     84.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39             301      5.43%     89.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47              51      0.92%     90.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55              99      1.79%     92.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63              47      0.85%     93.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71              17      0.31%     93.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79              11      0.20%     93.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87              12      0.22%     94.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95               4      0.07%     94.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103             17      0.31%     94.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111             7      0.13%     94.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-119            14      0.25%     94.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-127             6      0.11%     94.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135             9      0.16%     95.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-143            38      0.69%     95.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-151            16      0.29%     96.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-159            19      0.34%     96.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-167            88      1.59%     98.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175            43      0.78%     98.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183            11      0.20%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-191            20      0.36%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-199            10      0.18%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-207             3      0.05%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-215             3      0.05%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-223             4      0.07%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231             4      0.07%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::232-239             5      0.09%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::240-247             3      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::248-255             1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-263             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2115529750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                9645717250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2008050000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5267.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  24017.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           5.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        5.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        25.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     359951                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    130246                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  83.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3435770.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      88.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  245601720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  134008875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1563619200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                496387440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           125432255520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            64124070615                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           1096000726500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             1287996669870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              670.686102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1823056528000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     64126920000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     33233084500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  256767840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  140101500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1568938800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                508258800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           125432255520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            64541926215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           1095634186500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             1288082435175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              670.730762                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1822448681750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     64126920000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     33840930750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9052701                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      10312                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   728817                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6349364                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1140                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          157                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  291929                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15402065                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      11452                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           367                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1020746                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4973977                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      4997                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4978974                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       3840837544                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    56102800                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      56102800                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              51978055                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 324393                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1481300                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6461124                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     51978055                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        324393                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            71208426                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           38459690                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               163609                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              166486                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      15454652                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     9089529                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6365123                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               3589204507.998131                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               251633036.001869                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.065515                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.934485                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           8412940                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               3197536      5.70%      5.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  36173540     64.46%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    60992      0.11%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   38085      0.07%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    3636      0.01%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  9316603     16.60%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 6371197     11.35%     98.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                 953030      1.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   56114619                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6379                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211965                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74895     40.89%     40.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     40.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1932      1.05%     42.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  106217     57.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               183175                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73528     49.31%     49.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1932      1.30%     50.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73528     49.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                149119                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1858230927500     96.76%     96.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                91348000      0.00%     96.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               737130000      0.04%     96.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             61358632500      3.20%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1920418038000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981748                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.692243                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.814079                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4176      2.16%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175954     91.22%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6833      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5157      2.67%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192900                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5901                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1743                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2098                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1913                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1743                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   170                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.324182                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.081030                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.392732                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        46109911500      2.40%      2.40% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           5189208000      0.27%      2.67% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1869118916500     97.33%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4177                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1389979                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.978885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            14030604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1390491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.090395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         107775250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.978885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          63074876                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         63074876                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7802731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7802731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5845607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5845607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       183026                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       183026                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       199223                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199223                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13648338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13648338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13648338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13648338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1069103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1069103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       304189                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       304189                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        17217                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17217                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1373292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1373292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1373292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1373292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  29000817500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29000817500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10906930630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10906930630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    228178000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    228178000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  39907748130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39907748130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  39907748130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39907748130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      8871834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8871834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6149796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6149796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       200243                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200243                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       199223                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199223                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15021630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15021630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15021630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15021630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049463                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049463                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085981                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.085981                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 27126.308223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27126.308223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35855.769374                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35855.769374                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13253.063832                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13253.063832                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 29059.914519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29059.914519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 29059.914519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29059.914519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       834368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            834368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1069103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1069103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       304189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       304189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17217                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        17217                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1373292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1373292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1373292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1373292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26736955500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26736955500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10245884370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10245884370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    193732000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193732000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36982839870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36982839870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36982839870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36982839870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1424272500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1424272500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2009399000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2009399000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3433671500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3433671500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049463                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049463                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085981                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085981                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 25008.774178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25008.774178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33682.626163                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33682.626163                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11252.366847                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11252.366847                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26930.062849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26930.062849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26930.062849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26930.062849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            927664                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.305908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            55186285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            928175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             59.456767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       39853785250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   508.305908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.992785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          57042955                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         57042955                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     55186285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        55186285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      55186285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         55186285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     55186285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        55186285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       928335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        928335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       928335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         928335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       928335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        928335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12909899750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12909899750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12909899750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  12909899750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12909899750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  12909899750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     56114620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56114620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     56114620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     56114620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     56114620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     56114620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13906.509773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13906.509773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13906.509773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13906.509773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13906.509773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13906.509773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       928335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       928335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       928335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       928335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       928335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       928335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11048066250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11048066250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11048066250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11048066250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11048066250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11048066250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11900.947664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11900.947664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11900.947664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11900.947664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11900.947664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11900.947664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           336225                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        65295.018505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            2445535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           401387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             6.092711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle       6784872750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 55550.770505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4768.438466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4975.809535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.847637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.072761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.075925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1074                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4873                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994293                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         25931322                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        25931322                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       915025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       814362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1729387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       834368                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       834368                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       187334                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       187334                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       915025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1001696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1916721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       915025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1001696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1916721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        13290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       271958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       285248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       116838                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       116838                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        13290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       388796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        402086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        13290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       388796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       402086                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    969461250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  17700747500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18670208750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       190498                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       190498                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8067922881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8067922881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    969461250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  25768670381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  26738131631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    969461250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  25768670381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  26738131631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       928315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1086320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2014635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       834368                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       834368                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       304172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       304172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       928315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1390492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2318807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       928315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1390492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2318807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.141588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.384118                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.384118                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.173402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.173402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72946.670429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65086.327668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65452.549185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14653.692308                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14653.692308                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 69052.216582                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69052.216582                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72946.670429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66278.126269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66498.539196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72946.670429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66278.126269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66498.539196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        74170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            74170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       271958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       285248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       116838                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       116838                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       402086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       402086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    802917750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14300848500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15103766250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       230011                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       230011                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6607051619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6607051619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    802917750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  20907900119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21710817869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    802917750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  20907900119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21710817869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1334182500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1334182500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1893599000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1893599000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3227781500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3227781500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.384118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60415.180587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52584.768604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52949.595615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17693.153846                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17693.153846                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56548.825031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56548.825031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60415.180587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53776.016520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53995.458357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60415.180587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53776.016520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53995.458357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        2021758                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2021741                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       834368                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       304172                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       304172                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1856650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      3648702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           5505352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     59412160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    142445588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          201857748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                       41901                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      3194937                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        1.013060                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.113530                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1            3153212     98.69%     98.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2              41725      1.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        3194937                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     2424089000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       234000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1395084250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2186669630                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51202                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        44564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2706172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              4767000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               353000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13484000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           406198788                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            23510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            42010500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.352284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1753525494000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.352284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.084518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.084518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     23338383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23338383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  13635239905                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  13635239905                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     23338383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     23338383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     23338383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     23338383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 134903.947977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134903.947977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 328148.823282                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 328148.823282                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 134903.947977                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 134903.947977                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 134903.947977                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 134903.947977                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        206255                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                23561                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.754085                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     14341383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14341383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11474535905                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11474535905                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     14341383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14341383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     14341383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14341383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 82898.167630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82898.167630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 276148.823282                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 276148.823282                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 82898.167630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82898.167630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 82898.167630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82898.167630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              292351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            115682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            116719                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           116719                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       878095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total       911255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1036059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30455424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     30499988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5317056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5317056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                35817044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              431                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            559506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  559506    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              559506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            30371500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1824515500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3751827620                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           43109500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
