
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.007401                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     7400590                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                    7400590                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                  58553                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 666564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   126.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                             1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     39203584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           39203584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14074880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        14074880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       612556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              612556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219920                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             219920                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0   5297359265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            5297359265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0   1901859176                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1901859176                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0   7199218441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           7199218441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      612559                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     219920                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    612559                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   219920                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               38724800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  478976                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                13992640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                39203776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             14074880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   7484                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  1262                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             75565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             75507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             76076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             75946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             75488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             75399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             75818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             75276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             27473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             27140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             27430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             27423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             27483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             27208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             27363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             27115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                       7400487                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                612559                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               219920                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   30831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   21254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   20948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   20951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   20894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                   20888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                   20929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                   20953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                   20953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                   20973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                  20986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                  20998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                  20977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                  20956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                  20940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                  20847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                  20708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                  20691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                  21299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                  23250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                  20406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                  20378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                  20586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                  21073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                  19388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                  18654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                  17262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                  14777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                  11043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                   6825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                   2889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                    568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   1641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   4476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   5873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   7246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   8278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  10171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  11061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  12833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  43856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  22169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  13787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  13661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  13451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  13517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  13521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       216410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    243.595398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   202.266425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.425218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27460     12.69%     12.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        89166     41.20%     53.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        57358     26.50%     80.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25806     11.92%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10676      4.93%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3981      1.84%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1348      0.62%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          415      0.19%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          200      0.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       216410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      45.909705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     42.812250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     16.207292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              27      0.20%      0.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             28      0.21%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23            98      0.74%      1.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          4703     35.69%     36.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39          1350     10.24%     47.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           197      1.49%     48.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           669      5.08%     53.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          5402     40.99%     94.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           338      2.56%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            90      0.68%     97.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           138      1.05%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           137      1.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         13179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.589650                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.545210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.294736                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            10247     77.75%     77.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              437      3.32%     81.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             1119      8.49%     89.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              908      6.89%     96.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              245      1.86%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21              119      0.90%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               43      0.33%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               23      0.17%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24               15      0.11%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                8      0.06%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                5      0.04%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27                4      0.03%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30                3      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::31                1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::33                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         13179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     69321327                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                80817752                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    3025375                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                       114.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                       5.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                  133.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      5232.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1890.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   5297.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   1901.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        55.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    40.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   14.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                      20.94                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   395351                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  211942                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                96.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                          8.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    73.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1635250680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                908472600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7547392320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2265584256                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy            483132000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           5041113516                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             16166400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            17897111772                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower           2419.511790                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE          159                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF        247000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       7149848                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy            483132000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            159850800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4297947600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4940930400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            667.968970                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      7149960                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF        247000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                         1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99122                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55082                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           98934                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          54848                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           98977                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          54560                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99417                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          55431                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          54903                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           98481                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55109                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           98951                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          54779                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           98318                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55002                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                        1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples       623953                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean      15.998445                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean     15.997175                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.126144                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           8      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.02% |          26      0.00%      0.02% |      623823     99.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total        623953                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples              623825                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean            1518.158580                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean           1023.158557                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev           1495.268071                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |      471692     75.61%     75.61% |      109137     17.49%     93.11% |       31197      5.00%     98.11% |        8878      1.42%     99.53% |        2243      0.36%     99.89% |         516      0.08%     99.97% |         127      0.02%     99.99% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total                623825                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples             108                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean                  3                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000000                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         108    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total               108                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         623717                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean       1518.420938                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean      1024.192315                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev      1495.264581                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      471584     75.61%     75.61% |      109137     17.50%     93.11% |       31197      5.00%     98.11% |        8878      1.42%     99.53% |        2243      0.36%     99.89% |         516      0.08%     99.97% |         127      0.02%     99.99% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           623717                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits           12                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78021                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78033                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits           11                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77929                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77940                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits           11                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77932                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77943                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits           14                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78185                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78199                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits           10                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78368                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78378                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits           17                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77782                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77799                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits           10                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77715                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77725                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits           23                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77805                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits         4560                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       619174                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       623734                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock                3                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     5.796616                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78021                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76543                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          614                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1649                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2          606                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        76916                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       155957                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          787                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          242                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78831                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       624168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5511096                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        44208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       118728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5537952                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1247656                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6296                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1936                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       630648                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     5.794585                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0        77929                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76537                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          588                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1665                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2          602                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        76906                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       155780                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          863                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          233                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78663                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       623432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5510664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42336                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       119880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5537232                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1246240                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6904                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       629304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     5.793798                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0        77932                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76549                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          582                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1633                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2          588                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        76908                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       155796                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          834                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          235                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78668                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       623456                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5511528                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41904                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       117576                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4704                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5537376                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1246368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       629344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     5.809520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78185                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76731                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1621                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2          593                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156302                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          761                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          199                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78995                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       625480                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5524632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       116712                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5553792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1250416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1592                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       631960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     5.826012                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76977                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          573                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1669                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2          623                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77318                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156610                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          852                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          237                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79114                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       626944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5542344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       120168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5566896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1252880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       632912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     5.781556                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::0        77782                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76446                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          532                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1636                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2          633                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        76715                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       155472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          835                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          244                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78550                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       622256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5504112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        38304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       117792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5523480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1243776                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       628400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     5.776735                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::0        77715                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          521                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1655                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        76677                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       155326                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          825                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78486                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       621720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5497920                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        37512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       119160                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5520744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1242608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       627888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     5.783225                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::0        77805                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          558                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1702                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2          661                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        76707                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       155500                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          858                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          244                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78600                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       622440                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5500800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       122544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5288                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5522904                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1244000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1952                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       628800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized    76.881076                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::0       623734                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1       612559                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1225087                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1204                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       835203                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1246740                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       439847                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6615                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1830                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1242434                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      4989872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4900472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     88206264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       328320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     60134616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      9973920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3518776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        52920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      9939472                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized    30.933959                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::1       612559                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2       612551                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       219920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       439854                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       612533                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4900472                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44103672                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15834240                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3518832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4900264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized    15.417687                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::0       623734                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::1       612559                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1225088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6615                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3043                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       835203                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1246740                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       439847                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6615                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1839                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1242433                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      4989872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4900472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     88206336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       328320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       476280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        24344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     60134616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      9973920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3518776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        52920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      9939464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      3708882                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      3675269                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data        13680                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data        19845                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control         9129                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2505609                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      5059771                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control        19845                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control         5508                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      3727307                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     29671056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    264619368                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data       984960                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      1428840                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control        73032                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    180403848                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     40478168                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control       158760                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control        44064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     29818456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     5.280221                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76543                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          614                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          862                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          364                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77978                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          787                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          242                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5511096                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        44208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        62064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2912                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       623824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6296                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1936                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     6.313010                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78021                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          787                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          242                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        76916                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77979                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78831                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       624168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        56664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1936                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5537952                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       623832                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       630648                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     5.274566                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76537                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          588                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          802                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          369                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77890                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          863                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          233                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5510664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42336                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57744                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2952                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       623120                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6904                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     6.314605                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        77929                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          863                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          233                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        76906                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77890                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78663                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       623432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        62136                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5537232                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       623120                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       629304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     5.274512                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76549                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          582                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          799                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          353                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77898                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          834                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          235                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5511528                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41904                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57528                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2824                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       623184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     6.313084                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        77932                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          834                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          235                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        76908                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77898                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78668                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       623456                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5537376                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       623184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       629344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     5.291146                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76731                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          860                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          394                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78151                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          761                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          199                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5524632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3152                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625208                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1592                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     6.327894                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78185                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          761                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          199                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78151                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78995                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       625480                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        54792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1592                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5553792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625208                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       631960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     5.304192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76977                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          573                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          817                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          386                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78305                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          852                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          237                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5542344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       626440                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     6.347832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          852                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          237                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77318                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78305                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79114                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       626944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5566896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       626440                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       632912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     5.264546                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76446                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          532                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          801                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          389                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          835                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          244                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5504112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        38304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       621888                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     6.298565                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        77782                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          835                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          244                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        76715                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78550                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       622256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5523480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       621888                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       628400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     5.259459                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          521                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          830                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          371                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77662                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          825                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5497920                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        37512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2968                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       621296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     6.294012                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        77715                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          825                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        76677                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78486                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       621720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5520744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       621312                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       627888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     5.266384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          558                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          844                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          417                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77750                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          858                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          244                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5500800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       622000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1952                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     6.300065                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        77805                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          858                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          244                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        76707                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77750                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        78600                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       622440                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61776                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1952                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5522904                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       622000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       628800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization    88.826479                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0       623734                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2       612544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       615283                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       623370                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       219920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       629900                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      4989872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44103168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     44300376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      4986960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1759360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      5039200                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization    64.935674                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1       612559                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       612543                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1204                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       219920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       623370                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       219927                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6615                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1830                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       612534                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4900472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44103096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       328320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15834240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      4986960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1759416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        52920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4900272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization    23.135311                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       612559                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       219920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       219927                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       612533                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4900472                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15834240                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1759416                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4900264                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization    38.732608                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       612551                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       219927                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44103672                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1759416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     5.280248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76543                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          614                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          862                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          364                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77978                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          787                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          242                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5511096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        44208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        62064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       623824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     5.274566                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76537                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          588                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          802                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          369                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77890                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          863                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          233                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5510664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       623120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     5.274512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76549                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          582                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          799                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2          353                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77898                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          834                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          235                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5511528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       623184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     5.291146                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76731                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          860                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2          394                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78151                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          761                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          199                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5524632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       625208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     5.304192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76977                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          573                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          817                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          386                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78305                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          852                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          237                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5542344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       626440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     5.264546                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76446                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          532                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          801                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::2          389                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          835                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          244                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5504112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        38304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       621888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     5.259459                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          521                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          830                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::2          371                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77662                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          825                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5497920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        37512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       621296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     5.266384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        76400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          558                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          844                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::2          417                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77750                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          858                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          244                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5500800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       622000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization    88.826506                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::0       623734                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::2       612545                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       615283                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       623370                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       219920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       629900                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      4989872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44103240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     44300376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      4986960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1759360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      5039200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization    23.135311                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::1       612559                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       219920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       219927                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       612533                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4900472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15834240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1759416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4900264                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples           401957                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean         1517.986374                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean        1021.285101                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev        1496.687265                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |      304009     75.63%     75.63% |       70241     17.47%     93.11% |       20001      4.98%     98.08% |        5818      1.45%     99.53% |        1467      0.36%     99.90% |         321      0.08%     99.98% |          81      0.02%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total             401957                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples           84                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean               3                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000000                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total             84                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       401873                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1518.303039                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean   1022.530435                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1496.683383                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      303925     75.63%     75.63% |       70241     17.48%     93.11% |       20001      4.98%     98.08% |        5818      1.45%     99.53% |        1467      0.37%     99.90% |         321      0.08%     99.98% |          81      0.02%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        401873                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples           221868                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean         1518.470564                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean        1026.561445                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev        1492.696810                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |      167683     75.58%     75.58% |       38896     17.53%     93.11% |       11196      5.05%     98.16% |        3060      1.38%     99.53% |         776      0.35%     99.88% |         195      0.09%     99.97% |          46      0.02%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total             221868                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples           24                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               3                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000000                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total             24                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       221844                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean    1518.634513                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean   1027.209710                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1492.694318                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      167659     75.58%     75.58% |       38896     17.53%     93.11% |       11196      5.05%     98.16% |        3060      1.38%     99.53% |         776      0.35%     99.88% |         195      0.09%     99.97% |          46      0.02%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        221844                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX          219948      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS          392622      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX          219827      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock       142754      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock       249849      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       219930      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback       219920      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       612551      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       219920      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX         78370      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS        142761      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack       219658      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX        141568      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS        249860      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX        219827      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock       142754      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data       142760      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Ack          108      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.GETX            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock       249849      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data       249856      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       219930      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data       219935      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack           54      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback       219820      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       50198     12.49%     12.49% |       50329     12.52%     25.01% |       50260     12.50%     37.51% |       50323     12.52%     50.03% |       50663     12.60%     62.63% |       49920     12.42%     75.04% |       50235     12.50%     87.54% |       50089     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total       402017                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       27854     12.55%     12.55% |       27614     12.45%     25.00% |       27687     12.48%     37.48% |       27880     12.57%     50.04% |       27728     12.50%     62.54% |       27882     12.57%     75.10% |       27494     12.39%     87.49% |       27747     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       221886                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     9386167     12.50%     12.50% |     9387429     12.50%     25.00% |     9388272     12.50%     37.51% |     9379351     12.49%     50.00% |     9374313     12.49%     62.48% |     9387856     12.50%     74.99% |     9392579     12.51%     87.50% |     9387972     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     75083939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         167     12.69%     12.69% |         158     12.01%     24.70% |         171     12.99%     37.69% |         153     11.63%     49.32% |         166     12.61%     61.93% |         175     13.30%     75.23% |         168     12.77%     87.99% |         158     12.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |         655     11.67%     11.67% |         742     13.22%     24.90% |         703     12.53%     37.43% |         638     11.37%     48.80% |         733     13.06%     61.86% |         704     12.55%     74.41% |         700     12.48%     86.88% |         736     13.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         5611                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         242     13.16%     13.16% |         233     12.67%     25.83% |         235     12.78%     38.61% |         199     10.82%     49.43% |         237     12.89%     62.32% |         244     13.27%     75.58% |         205     11.15%     86.73% |         244     13.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         1839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         364     11.96%     11.96% |         369     12.13%     24.09% |         353     11.60%     35.69% |         394     12.95%     48.64% |         386     12.68%     61.32% |         389     12.78%     74.10% |         371     12.19%     86.30% |         417     13.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         3043                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       49948     12.48%     12.48% |       50137     12.52%     25.00% |       50041     12.50%     37.50% |       50122     12.52%     50.02% |       50438     12.60%     62.62% |       49723     12.42%     75.04% |       50036     12.50%     87.54% |       49872     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total       400317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       28070     12.56%     12.56% |       27790     12.44%     25.00% |       27889     12.48%     37.49% |       28061     12.56%     50.05% |       27929     12.50%     62.55% |       28056     12.56%     75.11% |       27675     12.39%     87.50% |       27930     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total       223400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |         678     13.27%     13.27% |         610     11.94%     25.22% |         601     11.77%     36.98% |         683     13.37%     50.35% |         619     12.12%     62.47% |         623     12.20%     74.67% |         633     12.39%     87.06% |         661     12.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total         5108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       77051     12.50%     12.50% |       77032     12.50%     25.00% |       77045     12.50%     37.50% |       77265     12.54%     50.03% |       77446     12.56%     62.60% |       76863     12.47%     75.07% |       76819     12.46%     87.53% |       76844     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       616365                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |         249     13.13%     13.13% |         248     13.07%     26.20% |         252     13.28%     39.48% |         203     10.70%     50.18% |         240     12.65%     62.84% |         250     13.18%     76.01% |         210     11.07%     87.08% |         245     12.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total         1897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       27848     12.55%     12.55% |       27610     12.45%     25.00% |       27682     12.48%     37.48% |       27874     12.56%     50.04% |       27725     12.50%     62.54% |       27875     12.57%     75.10% |       27491     12.39%     87.50% |       27739     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       221844                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       28069     12.56%     12.56% |       27790     12.44%     25.00% |       27888     12.48%     37.49% |       28061     12.56%     50.05% |       27928     12.50%     62.55% |       28056     12.56%     75.11% |       27675     12.39%     87.50% |       27930     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total       223397                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       50172     12.48%     12.48% |       50319     12.52%     25.00% |       50249     12.50%     37.51% |       50309     12.52%     50.03% |       50643     12.60%     62.63% |       49905     12.42%     75.05% |       50224     12.50%     87.54% |       50066     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       401887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       27846     12.55%     12.55% |       27607     12.45%     25.00% |       27681     12.48%     37.48% |       27875     12.57%     50.04% |       27723     12.50%     62.54% |       27875     12.57%     75.11% |       27487     12.39%     87.50% |       27734     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       221828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |          49     11.45%     11.45% |          54     12.62%     24.07% |          52     12.15%     36.21% |          38      8.88%     45.09% |          71     16.59%     61.68% |          55     12.85%     74.53% |          53     12.38%     86.92% |          56     13.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           4     13.33%     13.33% |           4     13.33%     26.67% |           4     13.33%     40.00% |           2      6.67%     46.67% |           1      3.33%     50.00% |           7     23.33%     73.33% |           1      3.33%     76.67% |           7     23.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |           3     13.64%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           1      4.55%     40.91% |           2      9.09%     50.00% |           2      9.09%     59.09% |           4     18.18%     77.27% |           5     22.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       49939     12.48%     12.48% |       50125     12.52%     25.00% |       50030     12.50%     37.50% |       50115     12.52%     50.02% |       50424     12.60%     62.62% |       49714     12.42%     75.04% |       50028     12.50%     87.54% |       49858     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       400233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |          43     12.72%     12.72% |          41     12.13%     24.85% |          42     12.43%     37.28% |          41     12.13%     49.41% |          37     10.95%     60.36% |          43     12.72%     73.08% |          48     14.20%     87.28% |          43     12.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total          338                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           6     11.11%     11.11% |           7     12.96%     24.07% |           8     14.81%     38.89% |           5      9.26%     48.15% |          10     18.52%     66.67% |           6     11.11%     77.78% |           4      7.41%     85.19% |           8     14.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |         221     14.26%     14.26% |         179     11.55%     25.81% |         205     13.23%     39.03% |         187     12.06%     51.10% |         204     13.16%     64.26% |         181     11.68%     75.94% |         182     11.74%     87.68% |         191     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |         591     14.10%     14.10% |         590     14.08%     28.18% |         722     17.23%     45.41% |         352      8.40%     53.81% |         599     14.29%     68.10% |         348      8.30%     76.40% |         686     16.37%     92.77% |         303      7.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total         4191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |         222     14.27%     14.27% |         180     11.57%     25.84% |         207     13.30%     39.14% |         187     12.02%     51.16% |         204     13.11%     64.27% |         181     11.63%     75.90% |         184     11.83%     87.72% |         191     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total         1556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           2      8.70%     17.39% |           3     13.04%     30.43% |           5     21.74%     52.17% |           3     13.04%     65.22% |           2      8.70%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           4     17.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           2     28.57%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       27804     12.55%     12.55% |       27563     12.45%     25.00% |       27637     12.48%     37.48% |       27840     12.57%     50.05% |       27663     12.49%     62.54% |       27826     12.56%     75.11% |       27443     12.39%     87.50% |       27691     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       221467                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |          17     14.41%     14.41% |          16     13.56%     27.97% |          14     11.86%     39.83% |          14     11.86%     51.69% |          20     16.95%     68.64% |          11      9.32%     77.97% |          15     12.71%     90.68% |          11      9.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          118                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |          26     10.16%     10.16% |          31     12.11%     22.27% |          30     11.72%     33.98% |          19      7.42%     41.41% |          41     16.02%     57.42% |          38     14.84%     72.27% |          34     13.28%     85.55% |          37     14.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total          256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           3      9.68%      9.68% |           4     12.90%     22.58% |           2      6.45%     29.03% |           4     12.90%     41.94% |           5     16.13%     58.06% |           3      9.68%     67.74% |           4     12.90%     80.65% |           6     19.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           2     12.50%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           4     25.00%     62.50% |           2     12.50%     75.00% |           4     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |      611213     12.52%     12.52% |      604769     12.39%     24.91% |      614347     12.59%     37.50% |      608910     12.48%     49.98% |      611746     12.53%     62.51% |      610049     12.50%     75.01% |      610144     12.50%     87.51% |      609423     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total      4880601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |          13     11.61%     11.61% |          15     13.39%     25.00% |          19     16.96%     41.96% |          10      8.93%     50.89% |          18     16.07%     66.96% |          16     14.29%     81.25% |          11      9.82%     91.07% |          10      8.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total          112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          20     10.10%     10.10% |          22     11.11%     21.21% |          21     10.61%     31.82% |          20     10.10%     41.92% |          29     14.65%     56.57% |          28     14.14%     70.71% |          32     16.16%     86.87% |          26     13.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       27847     12.55%     12.55% |       27610     12.45%     25.00% |       27681     12.48%     37.48% |       27874     12.56%     50.04% |       27724     12.50%     62.54% |       27875     12.57%     75.10% |       27491     12.39%     87.50% |       27739     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total       221841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |     3117685     12.52%     12.52% |     3071171     12.34%     24.86% |     3120650     12.54%     37.40% |     3140383     12.62%     50.02% |     3099421     12.45%     62.47% |     3146089     12.64%     75.11% |     3088522     12.41%     87.51% |     3108221     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total     24892142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |         144     12.04%     12.04% |         147     12.29%     24.33% |         138     11.54%     35.87% |         150     12.54%     48.41% |         150     12.54%     60.95% |         142     11.87%     72.83% |         153     12.79%     85.62% |         172     14.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         1196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       27845     12.55%     12.55% |       27607     12.45%     25.00% |       27680     12.48%     37.48% |       27873     12.57%     50.04% |       27723     12.50%     62.54% |       27873     12.57%     75.11% |       27487     12.39%     87.50% |       27734     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       221822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.L1_Replacement |         733     19.03%     19.03% |         966     25.08%     44.11% |         395     10.25%     54.36% |         251      6.52%     60.88% |         202      5.24%     66.12% |         281      7.29%     73.42% |         679     17.63%     91.04% |         345      8.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.L1_Replacement::total         3852                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |           3     13.64%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           1      4.55%     40.91% |           2      9.09%     50.00% |           2      9.09%     59.09% |           4     18.18%     77.27% |           5     22.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.L1_Replacement |       22520     12.98%     12.98% |       21779     12.56%     25.54% |       21024     12.12%     37.66% |       21826     12.58%     50.25% |       21159     12.20%     62.45% |       22530     12.99%     75.44% |       21258     12.26%     87.70% |       21336     12.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.L1_Replacement::total       173432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         220     11.91%     11.91% |         222     12.02%     23.93% |         215     11.64%     35.57% |         244     13.21%     48.78% |         236     12.78%     61.56% |         247     13.37%     74.93% |         218     11.80%     86.74% |         245     13.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       27848     12.55%     12.55% |       27610     12.45%     25.00% |       27682     12.48%     37.48% |       27874     12.56%     50.04% |       27725     12.50%     62.54% |       27875     12.57%     75.10% |       27491     12.39%     87.50% |       27739     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total       221844                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |     5555411     12.48%     12.48% |     5610232     12.61%     25.09% |     5553208     12.48%     37.57% |     5529449     12.42%     49.99% |     5562824     12.50%     62.49% |     5530783     12.43%     74.92% |     5593583     12.57%     87.48% |     5570548     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total     44506038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       49948     12.48%     12.48% |       50137     12.52%     25.00% |       50041     12.50%     37.50% |       50122     12.52%     50.02% |       50438     12.60%     62.62% |       49723     12.42%     75.04% |       50036     12.50%     87.54% |       49872     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       400317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |         222     14.27%     14.27% |         180     11.57%     25.84% |         207     13.30%     39.14% |         187     12.02%     51.16% |         204     13.11%     64.27% |         181     11.63%     75.90% |         184     11.83%     87.72% |         191     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total         1556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |          12     37.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           2      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |          11     34.38%     78.12% |           3      9.38%     87.50% |           3      9.38%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Fwd_GETS |         329     11.65%     11.65% |         363     12.85%     24.50% |         347     12.29%     36.79% |         329     11.65%     48.44% |         389     13.77%     62.22% |         358     12.68%     74.89% |         337     11.93%     86.83% |         372     13.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Fwd_GETS::total         2824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Inv    |         236     13.22%     13.22% |         226     12.66%     25.88% |         227     12.72%     38.60% |         194     10.87%     49.47% |         227     12.72%     62.18% |         238     13.33%     75.52% |         201     11.26%     86.78% |         236     13.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Inv::total         1785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |         675     13.24%     13.24% |         609     11.95%     25.19% |         601     11.79%     36.98% |         683     13.40%     50.37% |         618     12.12%     62.50% |         620     12.16%     74.66% |         632     12.40%     87.05% |         660     12.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total         5098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       49027     12.46%     12.46% |       49290     12.53%     24.99% |       49202     12.51%     37.50% |       49238     12.52%     50.02% |       49579     12.60%     62.63% |       48856     12.42%     75.05% |       49193     12.51%     87.55% |       48962     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       393347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETX |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETS |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           2     33.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         233     11.76%     11.76% |         285     14.39%     26.15% |         263     13.28%     39.42% |         227     11.46%     50.88% |         236     11.91%     62.80% |         234     11.81%     74.61% |         247     12.47%     87.08% |         256     12.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         1981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Nack |          14     11.86%     11.86% |          22     18.64%     30.51% |          24     20.34%     50.85% |           9      7.63%     58.47% |          14     11.86%     70.34% |          15     12.71%     83.05% |          10      8.47%     91.53% |          10      8.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Nack::total          118                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           5     35.71%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           3     21.43%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           5     35.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |         136     12.59%     12.59% |         127     11.76%     24.35% |         138     12.78%     37.13% |         128     11.85%     48.98% |         128     11.85%     60.83% |         147     13.61%     74.44% |         141     13.06%     87.50% |         135     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total         1080                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETS |         233     11.76%     11.76% |         284     14.33%     26.08% |         261     13.17%     39.25% |         228     11.50%     50.76% |         236     11.91%     62.66% |         235     11.86%     74.52% |         247     12.46%     86.98% |         258     13.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETS::total         1982                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       27656     12.57%     12.57% |       27331     12.43%     25.00% |       27443     12.48%     37.48% |       27671     12.58%     50.06% |       27503     12.50%     62.56% |       27625     12.56%     75.12% |       27237     12.38%     87.50% |       27489     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       219955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack |           3     30.00%     30.00% |           1     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     10.00%     50.00% |           3     30.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack_Data |         135     12.48%     12.48% |         126     11.65%     24.12% |         137     12.66%     36.78% |         129     11.92%     48.71% |         128     11.83%     60.54% |         148     13.68%     74.21% |         142     13.12%     87.34% |         137     12.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         1082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |         235     13.21%     13.21% |         226     12.70%     25.91% |         228     12.82%     38.73% |         194     10.91%     49.63% |         226     12.70%     62.34% |         235     13.21%     75.55% |         200     11.24%     86.79% |         235     13.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total         1779                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         499463      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         277459      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            132      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX         259037      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only       475631      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS          24927      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks        219934      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data            612544      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA       393347      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA       221936      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack       219920      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         406502      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       223397      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       683777      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       392621      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       216702      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         3162      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX         1833      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only       390198      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         3149      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS         2243      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         1198      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX       221036      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTS         1768      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          119      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTX          118      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTX         1859      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only          122      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS         2531      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         1394      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement       389456      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only         1756      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only         3189      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS           22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         2482      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS         1300      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX          701      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_PUTX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_PUTS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       219827      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_GETS           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_GETX           29      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_PUTO            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_PUTX         1686      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_PUTS           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          119      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock          122      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_GETS           50      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_GETX           26      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTX           86      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS_only         4049      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA         1862      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS          112      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock           22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L2_Replacement          161      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_GETS          182      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_GETX           82      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_PUTS        11381      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         3149      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_GETS        16447      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_GETX         9062      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA       390198      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS          110      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETX           77      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock         3189      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L2_Replacement        21395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L1_GETS           57      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L1_GETX           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L1_PUTS            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock         1756      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L2_Replacement         8852      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L1_PUTS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L2_Replacement           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETS         6054      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETX         3511      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_PUTX         1623      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_PUTS           74      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA       219955      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.Unblock         1081      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETS          208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETX          115      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_PUTS_only        28820      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_PUTS          125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         3162      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.L1_PUTX           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.L1_PUTS_only           58      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS          110      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX          197      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_PUTX        32397      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_PUTS          242      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         1987      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock         1456      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.L1_PUTX           63      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.L1_PUTS_only           56      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_PUTX           34      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS        46072      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETX        26880      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_PUTS         7566      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data        392610      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock       392604      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.L1_GETS        21372      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.L1_GETX        11875      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data        218092      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_GETS          349      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_GETX          222      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_PUTS_only        30376      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_PUTS          232      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data         1842      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_GETS         5603      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_GETX         3146      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_PUTX          121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_PUTS_only        16651      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_PUTS          147      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks       219934      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock       219930      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock          701      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS           52      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTS           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock         2531      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement        30081      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L1_GETS           46      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock         1300      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L2_Replacement        11341      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.L1_PUTS_only           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS_only           74      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L2_Replacement           57      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.L1_GETS          845      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.L1_GETX          345      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack       219820      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.L1_PUTS_only          268      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack          100      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
