
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.451526                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                451526391500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               451526391500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  97078                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   179507                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53010367                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 427448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8517.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   826877109                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1528988701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            224960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24535168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             24760128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       224960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          224960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     18817920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          18817920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               3515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             383362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                386877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          294030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               294030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               498221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             54338281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                54836502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          498221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             498221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          41676235                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               41676235                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          41676235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              498221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            54338281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               96512737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        386877                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       294030                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      386877                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     294030                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 24738496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     21632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  18816576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  24760128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               18817920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      338                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         180174                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               24137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               26529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               24699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               24593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               23302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               23749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               24449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               24297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               23610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               23919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              24817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              24050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              23346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              22971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              24088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              23983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               18558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               19844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               18955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               18948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               18040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               18446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               18985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               18975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               18547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               18155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              18842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              17721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              17374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              16974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              17821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              17824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    451526286000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  386877                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 294030                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    381438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     6185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     6621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    16894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    17467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    17566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    17614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    17580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    17583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    17612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    17623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    17621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    17592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    17724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    17701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    17610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    17799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    17543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    17462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       147686                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      294.912829                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     174.000830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     322.915309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          54902     37.17%     37.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40417     27.37%     64.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13633      9.23%     73.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7488      5.07%     78.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5349      3.62%     82.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3749      2.54%     85.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3045      2.06%     87.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2781      1.88%     88.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16322     11.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         147686                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         17443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        22.159892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      209.587687                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          17430     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            8      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           17443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         17443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.855415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.780849                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        2.647023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           17241     98.84%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             150      0.86%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              25      0.14%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31               7      0.04%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35               4      0.02%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               2      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43               1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               2      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               2      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-171             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::180-183             1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           17443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     4244351250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               11491957500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1932695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10980.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29730.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          54.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          41.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       54.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       41.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        21.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     317756                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    215101                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       663124.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  569336040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  310649625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1526881200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                976788720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            29491394400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            64757369970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           214110228000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             311742647955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              690.421834                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   355630472000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     15077400000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     80817135000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  547049160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  298489125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1487951400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                928182240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            29491394400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            62071035210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           216466682250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             311290783785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              689.421031                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   359566067000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     15077400000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     76881477500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               231910847                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         231910847                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           9746486                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            132027793                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               129309443                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             97.941077                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                28045741                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            1465755                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  551                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        903052797                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          186172753                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1278263981                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   231910847                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          157355184                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     705668368                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                20227891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                       1132                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                96729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        811106                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         1664                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 180547715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               2736967                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                       7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          902865746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.633456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.342016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                492504429     54.55%     54.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 33980590      3.76%     58.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 33251729      3.68%     62.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 33383912      3.70%     65.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 27248388      3.02%     68.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 27817475      3.08%     71.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 37350305      4.14%     75.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 33792757      3.74%     79.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                183536161     20.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            902865746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.256808                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.415492                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                127621918                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             442269855                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 240334233                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              82525795                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               10113945                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             2233625829                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               10113945                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                159854620                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               227411371                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          31769                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 285878914                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             219575127                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             2183611721                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                177740                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents              139597859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents               24038652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               44983183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          2288587317                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            5525861457                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       3514141602                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups             52752                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1614040854                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                674546463                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts               2421                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts           2405                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 426714045                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            530721549                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           210389629                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         240824950                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         72195473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 2112352245                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               24995                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1828962616                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            418654                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       578669571                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   1006826210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          24443                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     902865746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.025730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.070839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           318904182     35.32%     35.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           130514441     14.46%     49.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           119555800     13.24%     63.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           110903587     12.28%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            91967934     10.19%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            61336498      6.79%     92.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            43115692      4.78%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            19163460      2.12%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             7404152      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       902865746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                11303507     42.48%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     42.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead               12206863     45.87%     88.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               3099868     11.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           2714574      0.15%      0.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1212750239     66.31%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               388692      0.02%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               3881011      0.21%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 116      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            435509272     23.81%     90.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           173718712      9.50%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1828962616                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.025311                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    26610238                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.014549                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         4587788532                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        2691313007                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1799275575                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               31338                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              67501                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         6790                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1852843768                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   14512                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        185242573                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    146624129                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       213999                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       388901                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     61229443                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        19562                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           956                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               10113945                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               166739883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              10207354                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          2112377240                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            401313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             530726286                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            210389629                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               7530                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                4519493                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               3556436                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         388901                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        5749904                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4643271                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             10393175                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1807883955                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             429428539                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          21078661                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    599547832                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                171967250                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  170119293                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.001969                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1804612346                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1799282365                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1369352269                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                2092896532                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.992444                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.654286                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       583616621                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             552                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           9832190                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    823756093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.856118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.505218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    355425849     43.15%     43.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    174994405     21.24%     64.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57317339      6.96%     71.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     86207861     10.47%     81.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     27016335      3.28%     85.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     27048633      3.28%     88.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      9853927      1.20%     89.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8829984      1.07%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     77061760      9.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    823756093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            826877109                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1528988701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      533262343                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     384102157                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  149758583                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1526605509                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls             17673145                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1819099      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        989721889     64.73%     64.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          306834      0.02%     64.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          3878536      0.25%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       384102157     25.12%     90.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      149160186      9.76%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total        1528988701                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              77061760                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   2859299655                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  4304507020                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            2587                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          187051                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   826877109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1528988701                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.092125                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.092125                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.915646                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.915646                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               2763619398                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1467382261                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      6855                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                      205                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 600921704                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                409683570                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               991700936                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2534340                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4088.717392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           388713882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2538436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            153.131252                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1658510250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4088.717392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          872                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         786546356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        786546356                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    240120715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       240120715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    148188548                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      148188548                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     388309263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        388309263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    388309263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       388309263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2723043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2723043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       971654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       971654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3694697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3694697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3694697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3694697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  55426039088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  55426039088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  27751124058                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  27751124058                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  83177163146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83177163146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  83177163146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83177163146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    242843758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    242843758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    149160202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    149160202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    392003960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    392003960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    392003960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    392003960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006514                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006514                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 20354.448713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20354.448713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28560.705825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28560.705825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22512.580367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22512.580367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22512.580367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22512.580367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         9748                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1054                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.248577                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     5.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2333101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2333101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       955922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       955922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        18334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        18334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       974256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       974256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       974256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       974256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1767121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1767121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       953320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       953320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2720441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2720441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2720441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2720441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30613583252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30613583252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25522867191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25522867191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  56136450443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56136450443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  56136450443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56136450443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17323.988143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17323.988143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26772.612754                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26772.612754                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20635.055288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20635.055288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20635.055288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20635.055288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              6998                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1079.308636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           180351835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              8606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          20956.522775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1079.308636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.527006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.527006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1608                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         361286153                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        361286153                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    180354535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       180354535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     180354535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        180354535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    180354535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       180354535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       193180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        193180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       193180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         193180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       193180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        193180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1193812485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1193812485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1193812485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1193812485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1193812485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1193812485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    180547715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    180547715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    180547715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    180547715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    180547715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    180547715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  6179.793379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6179.793379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  6179.793379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6179.793379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  6179.793379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6179.793379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1413                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    88.312500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       190723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       190723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       190723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       190723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       190723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       190723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    707574010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    707574010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    707574010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    707574010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    707574010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    707574010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  3709.956377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3709.956377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  3709.956377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3709.956377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  3709.956377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3709.956377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           354199                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        29685.281639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            3704222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           386558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             9.582578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     196871476000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 21114.810056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   251.480656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  8318.990927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.644373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.007675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.253875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.905923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11759                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        20270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987518                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         41657511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        41657511                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         5087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1590570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1595657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      2333101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      2333101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data         1869                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total         1869                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       564466                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       564466                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         5087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2155036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2160123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         5087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2155036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2160123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         3515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       176333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       179848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data       180136                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total       180136                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       207067                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       207067                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         3515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       383400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        386915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         3515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       383400                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       386915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    262991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  12902864208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13165855208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      9285601                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      9285601                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  14879233462                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14879233462                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    262991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  27782097670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  28045088670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    262991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  27782097670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  28045088670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         8602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1766903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1775505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2333101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      2333101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data       182005                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       182005                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       771533                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       771533                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         8602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2538436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2547038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         8602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2538436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2547038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.408626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.099798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.101294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989731                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989731                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.268384                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.268384                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.408626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.151908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.408626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.151908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74819.630156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73173.281280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73205.457987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data    51.547725                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    51.547725                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71857.096795                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71857.096795                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74819.630156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72462.435237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72483.849605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74819.630156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72462.435237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72483.849605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       294030                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           294030                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       176333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       179848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       180136                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       180136                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       207067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       207067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       383400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       386915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       383400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       386915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    219087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10656308208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10875395208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1818206868                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1818206868                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12245228538                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12245228538                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    219087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22901536746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23120623746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    219087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22901536746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23120623746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.408626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.099798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989731                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989731                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.268384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.268384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.408626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.408626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62329.160740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60432.864002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60469.925760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 10093.523049                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10093.523049                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59136.552604                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59136.552604                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62329.160740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59732.751033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59756.338591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62329.160740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59732.751033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59756.338591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        1957626                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1957626                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      2333101                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       182005                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       182005                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       771533                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       771533                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       199325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      7773983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           7973308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       550528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    311778368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          312328896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      182121                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      5244265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3            5244265    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        5244265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4971600701                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     286576989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3981486557                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              179848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             179848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            294030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           180174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          180174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            207029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           207029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1428132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1428132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1428132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     43578048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     43578048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                43578048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            861081                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  861081    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              861081                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3467092000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3996161130                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
