
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.962843                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1962842856000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1962842856000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1228880                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1228880                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            39594262798                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 373652                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    49.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60920382                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      60920382                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           823232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24883392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            41664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           386496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             26135744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       823232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        41664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          864896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7759040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7759040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             12863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            388803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              6039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                408371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          121235                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               121235                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              419408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12677221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               21226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              196906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13315250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         419408                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          21226                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             440634                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3952960                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3952960                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3952960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             419408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12677221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              21226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             196906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17268211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        408371                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       162787                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      408371                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     162787                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 26128640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      7104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  10277440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  26135744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               10418368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      111                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    2175                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           7051                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               25534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               24847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               24754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               25534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               25489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               25518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              25296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              25577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              26241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               10598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               10761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                9727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                9433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                8910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                9140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                9908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                9771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                9710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                9867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               9923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              10306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              10733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              10678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              10553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              10567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1962837817500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  408371                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 162787                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    408177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                        70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     4404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     8320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     9433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    11550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    12406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    11941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    12017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    10895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    10072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     8581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     8107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     6429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     6271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     6194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        69318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      525.203843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     317.866807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     416.347675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          16137     23.28%     23.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12161     17.54%     40.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5284      7.62%     48.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3087      4.45%     52.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3309      4.77%     57.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1757      2.53%     60.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1519      2.19%     62.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1296      1.87%     64.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        24768     35.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          69318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        69.418466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2107.784288                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095           5876     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            1      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            1      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        27.305730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       20.811619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       33.369719                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23            4828     82.09%     82.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31             189      3.21%     85.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39             283      4.81%     90.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47              60      1.02%     91.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55             106      1.80%     92.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63              43      0.73%     93.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71              17      0.29%     93.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79               8      0.14%     94.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87              22      0.37%     94.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95               7      0.12%     94.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103             14      0.24%     94.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111             3      0.05%     94.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-119            16      0.27%     95.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-127             2      0.03%     95.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135            15      0.26%     95.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-143            48      0.82%     96.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-151            18      0.31%     96.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-159            12      0.20%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-167            85      1.45%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175            44      0.75%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183             9      0.15%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-191            24      0.41%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-199            10      0.17%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-207             3      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-215             5      0.09%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-223             2      0.03%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231             2      0.03%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::232-239             2      0.03%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::240-247             3      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::264-271             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2189518000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                9844393000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2041300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5363.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  24113.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           5.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        5.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        25.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     365775                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    133752                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  83.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3436593.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  258098400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  140827500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1587963000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                507047040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           128202890400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            65554579665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           1120197596250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             1316449002255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              670.687203                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1863305388500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     65543400000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     33987247750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  265945680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  145109250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1596465000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                533543760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           128202890400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            65970100260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           1119833096250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             1316547150600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              670.737211                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1862702158750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     65543400000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     34590463750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7535038                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7765                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  524069                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5127057                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      910                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         133                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 202595                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    12662095                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      8675                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          343                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  726664                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    3654300                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3984                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                3658284                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3925685712                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   47981838                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     47981838                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             44508329                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                212945                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1202945                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      5633344                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    44508329                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       212945                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           61205329                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          33143507                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              104073                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             105864                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     12703139                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7562835                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5140304                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3702094605.998114                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              223591106.001886                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.056956                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.943044                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          7224625                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              2734428      5.70%      5.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 31547561     65.74%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   52422      0.11%     71.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  26783      0.06%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1883      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 7738872     16.13%     87.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5146421     10.72%     98.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                742486      1.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  47990856                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6794                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    165589                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   56925     40.22%     40.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    131      0.09%     40.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1976      1.40%     41.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    424      0.30%     42.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  82092     58.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              141548                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    56392     49.08%     49.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     131      0.11%     49.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1976      1.72%     50.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     424      0.37%     51.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   55969     48.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               114892                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1903333022000     96.97%     96.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               94388000      0.00%     96.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              768238500      0.04%     97.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              314332500      0.02%     97.03% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            58332103000      2.97%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1962842084000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.990637                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.681784                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.811682                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      3.42%      3.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        20      8.55%     11.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.71%     13.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        33     14.10%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.43%     28.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       10      4.27%     32.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      4.27%     36.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.56%     39.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.43%     39.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.28%     41.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        8      3.42%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.85%     45.30% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       39     16.67%     61.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.28%     63.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      4.27%     67.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.27%     71.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.43%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        6      2.56%     74.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       27     11.54%     86.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.28%     87.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        7      2.99%     90.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.43%     91.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      1.28%     92.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      3.85%     96.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.85%     97.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.85%     97.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.43%     98.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.85%     99.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.85%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   234                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  512      0.34%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3097      2.07%      2.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      51      0.03%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               134593     89.81%     92.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6634      4.43%     96.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.00%     96.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.01%     96.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4424      2.95%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 394      0.26%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     139      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                149871                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7013                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1370                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1369                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1370                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.195209                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.326733                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1959061538500     99.81%     99.81% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3780541000      0.19%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3098                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1190069                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.197532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           11466522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1190581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.631031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        108210250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   505.197532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.986714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         51892703                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        51892703                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6451021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6451021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4712504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4712504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       140772                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       140772                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       148353                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       148353                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11163525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11163525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11163525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11163525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       942274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       942274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       257633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       257633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        13709                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13709                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         5579                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5579                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1199907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1199907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1199907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1199907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27224956000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27224956000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10342084186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10342084186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    150000000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    150000000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42703895                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     42703895                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  37567040186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  37567040186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  37567040186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  37567040186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7393295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7393295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4970137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4970137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       154481                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       154481                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       153932                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       153932                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12363432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12363432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12363432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12363432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.127450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.127450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051836                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051836                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088742                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088742                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036243                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.036243                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28892.823107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28892.823107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40142.699833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40142.699833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10941.717120                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10941.717120                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7654.399534                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7654.399534                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31308.293214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31308.293214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31308.293214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31308.293214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       685914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           685914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       942274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       942274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       257633                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       257633                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13709                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        13709                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5579                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         5579                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1199907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1199907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1199907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1199907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25214933000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25214933000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9773693814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9773693814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    122568000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122568000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31544105                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31544105                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34988626814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34988626814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34988626814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34988626814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1461501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1461501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2267119000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2267119000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3728620000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3728620000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.127450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051836                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051836                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088742                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088742                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036243                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036243                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26759.661203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26759.661203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37936.498096                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37936.498096                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8940.695893                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8940.695893                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5654.078688                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5654.078688                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29159.448869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29159.448869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29159.448869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29159.448869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           699791                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          508.391652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           47290432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           700302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            67.528626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      40276505250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   508.391652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.992952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         48691282                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        48691282                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     47290432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       47290432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     47290432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        47290432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     47290432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       47290432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       700425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       700425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       700425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        700425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       700425                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       700425                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9965953746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9965953746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9965953746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   9965953746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9965953746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   9965953746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     47990857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47990857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     47990857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     47990857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     47990857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     47990857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14228.438085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14228.438085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14228.438085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14228.438085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14228.438085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14228.438085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       700425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       700425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       700425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       700425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       700425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       700425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8560109254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8560109254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8560109254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8560109254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8560109254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8560109254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12221.307426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12221.307426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12221.307426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12221.307426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12221.307426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12221.307426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2381610                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2620                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  205337                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1701782                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      235                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          24                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  89739                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     4083392                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      2855                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           24                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  295076                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1808769                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1064                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1809833                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3923834021                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   12938544                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     12938544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             11924615                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                171199                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     411382                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1282019                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    11924615                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       171199                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           16391744                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8774012                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               88996                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              90942                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4106042                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2395192                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1710850                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3874343491.006502                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              49490529.993498                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.012613                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.987387                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1847277                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               699299      5.40%      5.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  7669413     59.26%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   22263      0.17%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  13113      0.10%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                   1759      0.01%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2466523     19.06%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1711831     13.23%     97.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                357222      2.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  12941423                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2766                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     77895                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   26463     38.26%     38.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1970      2.85%     41.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    512      0.74%     41.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  40215     58.15%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               69160                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    25619     48.15%     48.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1970      3.70%     51.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     512      0.96%     52.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   25107     47.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                53208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1910451046000     97.38%     97.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              701160000      0.04%     97.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              358891000      0.02%     97.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            50405883500      2.57%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1961916980500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.968106                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.624319                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.769346                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        10     10.87%     10.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         9      9.78%     20.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      1.09%     21.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        5      5.43%     27.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      3.26%     30.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      3.26%     33.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        3      3.26%     36.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       15     16.30%     53.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      3.26%     56.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      1.09%     57.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       27     29.35%     86.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        9      9.78%     96.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      3.26%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    92                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  424      0.59%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1967      2.75%      3.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      3.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      3.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                62985     88.13%     91.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2216      3.10%     94.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     94.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     94.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     94.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3692      5.17%     99.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 121      0.17%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      42      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 71468                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1923                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                368                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2902                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                804                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  368                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  436                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.418097                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.150241                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.309648                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       17982324500      0.92%      0.92% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1495094500      0.08%      0.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1941563117500     99.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    1968                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           157282                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          486.069018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            3911225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           157609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.816000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     1048852201500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   486.069018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.949354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.638672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16556980                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16556980                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2220683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2220683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1590246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1590246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        47776                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47776                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        50237                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        50237                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3810929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         3810929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3810929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        3810929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       115097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       115097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        57138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        57138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         8903                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8903                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         5967                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5967                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       172235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        172235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       172235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       172235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1388298999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1388298999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1079375302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1079375302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     80583500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     80583500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     43835417                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     43835417                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2467674301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2467674301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2467674301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2467674301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2335780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2335780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1647384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1647384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        56679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        56679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        56204                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        56204                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      3983164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3983164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      3983164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3983164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.157078                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.157078                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.106167                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.106167                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12061.991181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12061.991181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18890.673492                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18890.673492                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9051.274851                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9051.274851                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7346.307525                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7346.307525                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14327.368427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14327.368427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14327.368427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14327.368427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       107942                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           107942                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       115097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       115097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        57138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        57138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8903                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8903                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5967                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         5967                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       172235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       172235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       172235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       172235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1158014001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1158014001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    962534698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    962534698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     62777500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62777500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     31899583                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31899583                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2120548699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2120548699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2120548699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2120548699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     22446500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     22446500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    726754500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    726754500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    749201000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    749201000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034684                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034684                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.157078                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157078                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.106167                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106167                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10061.200561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10061.200561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16845.789107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16845.789107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7051.274851                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7051.274851                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5346.000168                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5346.000168                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12311.949946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12311.949946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12311.949946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12311.949946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           318148                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          446.541580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           12622723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           318660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            39.611884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     1956986313500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   446.541580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.872152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.872152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         13260123                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        13260123                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     12622723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12622723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     12622723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        12622723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     12622723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       12622723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       318700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       318700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       318700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        318700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       318700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       318700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4202225742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4202225742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4202225742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4202225742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4202225742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4202225742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     12941423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12941423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     12941423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     12941423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     12941423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     12941423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13185.521625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13185.521625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13185.521625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13185.521625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13185.521625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13185.521625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       318700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       318700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       318700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       318700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       318700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       318700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3564575258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3564575258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3564575258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3564575258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3564575258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3564575258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11184.735670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11184.735670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11184.735670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11184.735670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11184.735670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11184.735670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7373                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7373                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               55631                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              14079                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        13950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         2474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        42552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  126008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        55800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         9876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        82034                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2743666                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             13305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               353000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2453000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           406213784                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            28473000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            42016500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41696                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.577776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1755504098000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.577776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.036111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.036111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375552                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375552                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              176                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21474383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21474383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  13634467901                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  13634467901                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21474383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     21474383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21474383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     21474383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122013.539773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122013.539773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 328130.244056                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 328130.244056                       # average WriteInvalidateReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122013.539773                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122013.539773                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122013.539773                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122013.539773                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        206274                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                23554                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.757493                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12321383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12321383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11473763901                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11473763901                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12321383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12321383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12321383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12321383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70007.857955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70007.857955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 276130.244056                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 276130.244056                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70007.857955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70007.857955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70007.857955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70007.857955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   342765                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65220.427494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    2449404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   407938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     6.004354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle               8652068750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   55273.007246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4809.132503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     4932.058830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      161.965185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       44.263730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.843399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.073382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.075257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.002471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.995185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          767                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        51853                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994461                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 25999302                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                25999302                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             687538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             668153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             318040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             105234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1778965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          793856                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               793856                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             179                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             542                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 721                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                66                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           129887                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            42518                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               172405                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              687538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              798040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              318040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              147752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1951370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             687538                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             798040                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             318040                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             147752                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1951370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            12866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           271551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst              659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data              293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               285369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2958                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1782                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4740                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          895                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          917                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1812                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         117982                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           5781                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             123763                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             12866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            389533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              6074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                409132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            12866                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           389533                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              659                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             6074                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               409132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    942533250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17665276500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     47722250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     21179000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    18676711000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1101962                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     10166561                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     11268523                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       873463                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       278988                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1152451                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8137748269                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    426449979                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8564198248                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    942533250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25803024769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     47722250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    447628979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     27240909248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    942533250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25803024769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     47722250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    447628979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    27240909248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         700404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         939704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         318699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         105527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2064334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       793856                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           793856                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         3137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         2324                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5461                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          938                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          940                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1878                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       247869                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        48299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           296168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          700404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1187573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          318699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          153826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2360502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         700404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1187573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         318699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         153826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2360502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.288975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.002068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.002777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.138238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.942939                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.766781                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.867973                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.954158                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.975532                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.964856                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.475985                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.119692                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.417881                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.018369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.328008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.002068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.039486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.173324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.328008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.002068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.039486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.173324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73257.675268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65053.255190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72416.160850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72283.276451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65447.581903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   372.536173                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5705.140853                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2377.325527                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   975.936313                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   304.239913                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   636.010486                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68974.489914                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73767.510638                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69198.373084                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73257.675268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66240.921229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72416.160850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73695.913566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66582.201461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73257.675268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66240.921229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72416.160850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73695.913566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66582.201461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               79715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    79715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       271551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          285358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2958                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1782                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4740                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          895                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          917                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1812                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       117982                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5781                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        123763                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       389533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           409121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       389533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          409121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    778711500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14270230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     38887000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     17526500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15105355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29737455                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     17835282                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47572737                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8983895                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      9183917                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18167812                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6655812231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    353576521                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7009388752                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    778711500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20926042231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     38887000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    371103021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22114743752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    778711500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20926042231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     38887000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    371103021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22114743752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1369397500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     20977500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1390375000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2137899500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    687012000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2824911500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3507297000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    707989500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4215286500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.288975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.138232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.942939                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.766781                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.867973                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.954158                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.975532                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.964856                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.475985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.119692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.328008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.039486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.173319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.328008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.039486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60538.871181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52550.828390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59734.254992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59817.406143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52934.752136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10053.230223                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10008.575758                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10036.442405                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10037.871508                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10015.176663                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10026.386313                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56413.793892                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61161.826847                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56635.575673                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60538.871181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53720.845810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59734.254992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61096.974152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54054.286512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60538.871181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53720.845810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59734.254992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61096.974152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54054.286512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              292731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              14079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             14079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            121235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            16420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          11480                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            7054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            124107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           123261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        42552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       932487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       975039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1099854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        82034                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31236544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     31318578                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5317568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5317568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                36636146                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            22119                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            600328                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  600328    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              600328                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            40794500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1915022000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3840524699                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           43136500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2106481                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2106466                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             14079                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            14079                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           793856                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           16639                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         11546                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          28185                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           298132                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          298132                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1400829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3132611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       637399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       458996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               5629835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     44825856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    119969536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     20396736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     16779122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              201971250                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           99473                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3261009                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            3.012796                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.112394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                3219281     98.72%     98.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  41728      1.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            3261009                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4802800383                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           724500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3154409746                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        5532665081                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy        1434275242                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         787817718                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
