
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.559962                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                559961514500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               559961514500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 216839                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   216839                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              130731039                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 291560                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4283.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   928789150                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     928789150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            186816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          18470400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             18657216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       186816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          186816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4267712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4267712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             288600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                291519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                66683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               333623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             32985124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                33318747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          333623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             333623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           7621438                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                7621438                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           7621438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              333623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            32985124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               40940185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        291519                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        66683                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      291519                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      66683                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 18640064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     17152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4266560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  18657216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                4267712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      268                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               17935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               18289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               18306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               18250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               18167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               18240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               18320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               18299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               18230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               18226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              18219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              18391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              18259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              18042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              17977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              18101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                4125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                4164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                4223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                4160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                4142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                4099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                4262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                4226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               4098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               4157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    559961438500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  291519                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  66683                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    290737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     4043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     4045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     4042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       104680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      218.802598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     140.854989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     269.267896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          39513     37.75%     37.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43924     41.96%     79.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8711      8.32%     88.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511          724      0.69%     88.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          705      0.67%     89.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          815      0.78%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1323      1.26%     91.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          784      0.75%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8181      7.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         104680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          4042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        71.196932                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::gmean       36.193109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      784.958037                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           4035     99.83%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            1      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            4      0.10%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::16384-18431            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            4042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          4042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.493073                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.471357                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.863386                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               3047     75.38%     75.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                992     24.54%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                  3      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            4042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2985206750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                8446163000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1456255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10249.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28999.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          33.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           7.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       33.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        7.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     202789                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     50437                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   69.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  75.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1563256.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      70.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  394057440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  215011500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1136889000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                216438480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            36573600960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy           108420572385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           240867963750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             387824533515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              692.597962                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   400029552000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     18698160000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    141228516750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  397232640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  216744000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1134299400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                215550720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            36573600960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy           108773347950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           240558511500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             387869287170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              692.677886                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   399509975000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     18698160000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    141748516500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               125749069                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          81144276                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          12157130                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            103970439                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                83513487                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             80.324261                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                18691097                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               9450                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    237537681                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                     198468                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                237736149                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    98305023                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      7212                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                98312235                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    335842704                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     205680                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                336048384                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   317138761                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       120                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               317138881                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   37                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1119923029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   928789150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     928789150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      27043480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.205788                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.829333                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                      1060170406                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        59752623                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            776532                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4092.890165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           323503178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            780628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            414.414008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         845912250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4092.890165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          949                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1640                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         649485148                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        649485148                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    225339131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       225339131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     98164047                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       98164047                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     323503178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        323503178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    323503178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       323503178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       711929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        711929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       137153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       137153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       849082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         849082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       849082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        849082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  23417135750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23417135750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9028767000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9028767000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  32445902750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32445902750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  32445902750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32445902750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    226051060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    226051060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     98301200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     98301200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    324352260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    324352260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    324352260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    324352260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32892.515616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32892.515616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65829.890706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65829.890706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38212.920248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38212.920248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38212.920248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38212.920248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        91489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             91489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        68142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        68142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        68454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        68454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        68454                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        68454                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       711617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       711617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        69011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        69011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       780628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       780628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       780628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       780628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  21915650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21915650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4445743250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4445743250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26361393250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26361393250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26361393250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26361393250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30796.973653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30796.973653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64420.791613                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64420.791613                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33769.469261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33769.469261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33769.469261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33769.469261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             10606                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1687.447497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           317126411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             12349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          25680.331282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1687.447497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.823949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.823949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1743                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1574                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851074                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         634289871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        634289871                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    317126411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       317126411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     317126411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        317126411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    317126411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       317126411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        12350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         12350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        12350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          12350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        12350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         12350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    333924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    333924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    333924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    333924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    333924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    333924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    317138761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    317138761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    317138761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    317138761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    317138761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    317138761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27038.380567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27038.380567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27038.380567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27038.380567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27038.380567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27038.380567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    307968000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    307968000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    307968000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    307968000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    307968000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    307968000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 24936.680162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24936.680162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 24936.680162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24936.680162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 24936.680162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24936.680162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           258740                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        32601.451844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs             523849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           291476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             1.797229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2865.934205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    83.731537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 29651.786103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.087461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.904901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2657                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        29474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          7436223                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         7436223                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         9430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       489662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         499092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks        91489                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total        91489                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data         2366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         2366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         9430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       492028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          501458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         9430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       492028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         501458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       221955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       224875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        66645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        66645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       288600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        291520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       288600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       291520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    201319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16307399500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16508718500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4353044250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4353044250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    201319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  20660443750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  20861762750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    201319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  20660443750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  20861762750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        12350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       711617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       723967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        91489                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total        91489                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        69011                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        69011                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        12350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       780628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       792978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        12350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       780628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       792978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.236437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.311902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.310615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.965716                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.965716                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.236437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.369702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.367627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.236437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.369702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.367627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68944.863014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73471.647406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73412.867148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65316.891740                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65316.891740                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68944.863014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71588.509182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71562.029192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68944.863014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71588.509182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71562.029192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        66683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            66683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       221955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       224875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        66645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        66645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       288600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       291520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       288600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       291520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    164600500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13505684500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13670285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3519774750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3519774750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    164600500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  17025459250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17190059750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    164600500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  17025459250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17190059750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.236437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.311902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.965716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.965716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.236437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.369702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.236437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.369702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56370.034247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60848.750873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60790.594775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52813.785730                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52813.785730                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56370.034247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58993.275295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58966.999691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56370.034247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58993.275295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58966.999691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq         723967                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        723966                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback        91489                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        69011                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        69011                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        24699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1652745                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           1677444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       790336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     55815488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           56605824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples       884467                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1             884467    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total         884467                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      533722500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      19152500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    1222191750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              224874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             224874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             66683                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             66645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            66645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       649721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 649721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     22924928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                22924928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            358202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  358202    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              358202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           975503000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2745267250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
